SPEAKER 0
He floating control. Yeah. Alright, recap, recap for week one. So last week we obviously went through a bunch of uh housekeeping items, right, we went through, um, where you can find all the informations, it's on Canvas. um I'll also periodically send you all emails just to see how you guys are going, um, as well as if you miss out on some question sets and maybe participation. I think the system will be able to highlight that and I'll just send you emails as well. So just make sure that is um the the the way you keep yourself updated. Course requirement, general attitude to learning, uh, shouldn't need to reiterate that too much because you guys are all adults, you know, coming from high school into now 2nd year and 3rd year possibly. Uh, universally, you should know how everything floats. If you haven't quite worked that out yet, it is a very self-motivated environment. Make sure that you do participate, and obviously I'm talking to the crowd that do participate in the lectures, so, you know. Thank you for coming, I guess. Um, for those who cannot make it, um, obviously I'm trying my best with recording and so I'm doing this, um, soon. We'll see how this works, right? So the idea is to capture a feed so that you can at least see me interacting with the slides and whatnot. It's a bit more engaging and, uh, over time, I'm trying to change that up as well, so any feedback from you, that would be welcome. Um, our general attitude towards using Gen AI to do a lot of your work. Now, my take is Gen AI is a great study buddy, right, so make sure that you use it as a study buddy, right, meaning that, you know, it only responds to the, to the prompts that you give them, right, and it also hallucinates, and by that I mean it's a probabilistic model. So, You know, trust it with a grain of salt, but if you test it enough times, right, you'll understand roughly it it's kinda doing the thing as you want. Um, the, the sort of important thing is that you need to feed the information. So, the most useful prompts that I've used tends to be me giving it both the context as well as the sub role it plays, and I've already put up a prompt last week and perhaps you can play around with that, so, I think this is like your part of your toolkit in learning and moving forward, right? I don't know how, how many people are using Gen AI but I think everyone should be using it and getting understanding with it. Just like how in the first original days when Search Engine came about, right, looking for keywords and asking the right question, finding what you need. So use that to reframe the different, Examples give you sort of insight into, into, um, the topic, try and chat with it, you know, you can ask it, you know, to to be a student and you can be the teacher trying to teach it and then say, ask me questions that you don't understand. And perhaps in those discussions, right, even though it is a bit artificial, um, you'll learn a bit more about the topic, you may understand that, oh, you don't really know that area that much. Um, but don't use it to completely do all your work for you, even though, you know, you can, now. If you go to the tutorial questions, if the whole point is just to fulfil the requirements and like tick the box, then yeah, you can literally copy and paste those questions set into a chatbot, and then out comes the code and then paste it and say, I've done it. But what does that do to you, right? You don't really learn anything for yourself. So, you know, just be very mindful of delusion of competency. The second that tool goes offline, can you still understand what you're asked to do? Right, if you can't, then maybe there's uh room for growth there. Um, I've also mentioned the project work. So the project work is to come from, um, week 56 onwards. So by next week, right, week 3, you'll need to formalise your team. And I'll talk more about the team formation and the process of finding the right candidates and whatnot. I've already had a question on Thursday class on, You know, can we have the same discipline in the mix? Uh, the official guideline is no, we want you to be interdisciplinary. So two members from each of the, of the, um, disciplines. So if you find a mate who's in bio met and, uh, and bioengineering, and another who's in, uh, civil, you know, pair that up, that's your 4 people team, right? But in some situation, because of the class constraints, uh, we may not actually have that split. So under those situations we try to, we try to be, um, you know, ad hoc with what needs to happen. But it is in your best interest to work with other members who are not in your discipline. Now that's because in the real world, right, you often interact with people who don't have the same background as you, and so you need to learn the common language, and that is a training ground for it. Right, you can't just always expect, ah, to be talking to a mechanical engineer and then just, you know. So of word exchange means the same thing, right? But when you're working with different engineers, perhaps your definition of stress is not the same as their stress, like, you know, like, I'm talking about material stress and whatnot, right? Or, or some other technical term. So it is a bit, you know, useful to, to have an interaction with different domains of expertise. Um, and then finally, again, the learner expectation, just, um, contribution towards those surveys. Um, the Google Form has already got a bunch of, uh, information in there, which is great. So if you haven't already completed the, um, Google Form survey last time, try to do that. Um, we're just trying to create. A data set, maybe we can play around with it. I'm not sure. Um, but that's the intent, right? We're just gonna do a social experiment in our class and then through that, because part of your learning is to learn how to process the data, how to come up with, um, machine learning pipelines, um, maybe you can use that as a, uh, experiment to it. OK? OK, alright, recap from week one. What is an intelligence system? We talked briefly about that, it's uh basically anything that, you know, it takes a takes an action based on a uncertain information set, um, so that it delivers a, A very highly desirable outcome, and a lot of those words are subjective, right, so it is up to you as an engineer, designing a system to then be able to take action, fill in the blank what action that is, desirable outcome, fill in what desirable outcome is, right, and then obviously the highly probable thing is, is your environment. Now you imagine a self-driving car, right? There's a lot of moving parts in there. You've got various different driving environments, you've got the car moving left and right and starting and stopping and when to make those judgement calls, and then the desirable outcome is to keep the passengers safe and alive, right, and not to kill other bystanders as well. OK, so, so that is a very sim simplistic way of describing a self-driving car system. uh, obviously it is very challenging and you've seen in the real world, it is not as simple as just what I just stated. It's taking them what, 45, about 78 years now since the first launching of those autonomous vehicles, and even Teslas are collecting dataset every day just so they can better their, their intelligence system. Now intelligence systems, um, so I've talked about that, that takes actions to achieve a highly desirable outcome. Machine learning algorithm, um, What is, what is, yeah, there's a cut off here, strangely, to output, potentially self-adjusting with data set. Now why machine learning is so interesting compared to conventional system control um algorithms is that once you set this thing in motion, By definition, it should be able to adjust itself to different data sets and uncertainties. Right, you give it a data set that you've seen, much like yourself, right, if you think about it, right, everyone is almost like a pseudo machine learning, or we should say the machine learning systems has emulated the human psychology, right? You don't see everything in your life, right, up to this point, but at least you have all the judgement calls and the policies involved, so that you can make the right call. In an uncertain situation. That is really what you're trying to replicate here, but in a more sort of dumbed down environment, a dumbed down sort of situation where there's only one or two actions, um, to be made. OK, so that's really the definition of machine learning, it's, it's like a, it's like a parallel to to human learning. Um, and a lot of this comes down to good data sets. Now if you don't collect a good data set, then you don't have the best representation of what is, um, you know, what is being shown, right, in the real world. And so you don't actually, you can't train the the machine learning algorithm to the, to the right level. Just because you want good data set doesn't mean that collecting everything is good, right, there's something called dimensionality, which is basically every single row uh columns, right, you have an extra parameter, it is a dimension. And you know, with more dimension, yes, you can have better forecasts, you have better accuracy and the precision, but there is also a compute issue, right? It will take exponentially more compute power just to do something simple. So the curse of dimensionality, um, basically says that there should be an optimum number of features that you're looking for that best represents the environment. Alright, best represents the environment, so that you can make the right actions, so then you can have that desirable outcome. Um, you also need to be wary about how the data is being represented, right? Now, I, I don't know if I have the picture, but you can imagine, right, if you have Cartesian coordinates, right, X and Y numbers. If you plot that in a, in a, in a soft scattered plot, right, where there's two colours, the central, central bit maybe is like green or something, the outer ring will be red. That is actually quite confusing for machine learning because, you know, the two different colour data pots exist in both quadrants, in 4 quadrants of your, of your pseudo sort of aximet. If you were to re-represent this and transform the data into polar coordinates, then that's very different because there could be a centroid and then a central point and around that is a ring of colours, right? And so representation comes into play. It's not just a data set, it is your job to find the right representation that best represent the environment, and then also then compute what those machine learning. Um, You know, linear, linear maths, uh, equation would be. So there's a lot involved, um, for the human in this loop, it's not just autonomous everything, right, part of your job for now, until we, we have some sort of singularity, AGI. Whatever that happens in the next 5 years, um, you, you guys are still a big part of this whole process, and describing the system to an autonomous, um, compute is actually part of the job of an engineer. So your job is not really just to solve problems. I would say it's better stated that, you know, your job as engineers is developing the right mindset to describe a problem to then dissect that problem and then autonomously get bits and pieces solved and bring it back together. Now there was a question yesterday, oh sorry, last week, on, on, um, is there any, is there any textbooks? Um, and I've put up this 4 textbooks I thought would be quite a good broad introduction, um, you can read the different chapters as you need. I'm not gonna map the the notes to each of those chapters, it's also not, Uh, linear to the, to the chapter's description either, but all these books are on, um, in the library as well, so I put up the book list on Canvas. Um, you should be able to borrow these ebooks online as well, right? Or, you know, do your, do your sort of, um, resourcefulness and find a copy somewhere on the, on the www bid, right, white web. But they should be accessible, um, you know, in the Fisher library anyway. There's um, from last week we had the, we have the tutorial question one, right? I've also put up the model answers. So for those who are quite new to programming, make sure you go through and look at, you know, what your answers and what some of the provider answers may look like. Um, in terms of the functionality, there's no difference, but it is the way it's been represented. So there is a workflow, right, and try to design your own workflow. This is how we can distinguish different people from, you know, their work, uh, amongst yourselves, right, because everyone has a slightly different way of coding and commenting your code and how to layer it up. I've noticed that a lot of students are using the, the codes directly as a pie script, you know, don't do that. Use a Jupiter notebook set up so then you can run little boxes of codes, then you can do experiments that way, comment on that, and then, you know, develop that pipeline. It makes a big difference because later down the track, and today we'll talk about how to compare models. And when we're comparing, um, different model sets, you want to know the accuracy and the precision. And if you just have your codes everywhere, it's really difficult to go, all right, this coat is, you know, better than that coat, better than that one. So, you know, develop your own pipeline on how to code, how to experiment, how to understand what you're doing. And obviously I put up with 2's tutorial questions this morning, along with the data set. So, this week we're gonna be talking about um conceptual description of machine learning as a as a problem, right? There's a major class differences between classification and regression. Um, and sort of the bigger extent, we touched base on that last time about supervised versus unsupervised learning. And how do you really compare, um, performances? Because, you know, you could be doing things with this black box, but then how do you know this black box is better than this other black box? They equally the same, right? Like, if you don't know anything about it. So, understanding what you're looking for and what problems that you're trying to solve is very important. And then maybe we're in on um data preprocessing. Yes, I think, I think we'll talk about um. Training sets and how to cut the data up so then you can, you can get more, more use out of the same data set, right, because, as I said before, it is about representation, if it's not well captured in your original input, you cannot develop the thing that's in the middle for your output to be mapped out.

SPEAKER 1
So we'll go through that.

SPEAKER 0
So who he just roughly has already worked with CSV files and massive data sets of sorts? Yeah, a portion of you. So some of you guys would be like, what is this massive table of thing, right? Now we described last time that basically you're working towards a function, right, a function is any sort of mathematical compute that takes a X and a Y, it's a mapping process. Now, in order to develop this ML you need to train it. So then you need to bring in the data, and obviously, the organisation of this data set is often in um CSV which is a comma separated values. It's simply just every value, com, right? These are, these are easy stuff for you. Um, but then every role you have is basically a new entry, obviously. But then every column is a feature. Now future could be things that you're looking for, or could be things that you already have and are using those as a predictor for something else. Right, this is where some of the confusion comes in, right? Because you're like, well, I have, I have, you know, 100 roles, right? I have only 3 columns. Is that enough? Is that enough to train a machine learning model to predict something? Right, it could be predicting missing values within that column, or it could be predicting a new column altogether. Right, so it's, that is really what we're talking about in terms of dimensionality. So in this particular example, you have column A to what M, which is 13. Right, and so forth. So there's almost already 14 dimensions if you're looking at column N next to M as well. Um, but some columns are more useful than others. So part of your job is to tease out what are the features that you're gonna put into your machine learning model. What are the, what is the final label that you want to create, now it could be again a categorical label or it could be a a continuous data set, right? So this is what you'll be dealing with, you know, day in, day out for the next, for the, for the next remaining weeks. The same thing happens for an image, right? If you take a um a a JPEG, right? JPEG file, like for example, I'm developing a machine learning model to recognise car plates, right? You just take a picture, right. Now the first thing about that is processing that into some sort of matrix, so then it's represented as one long row of something, right? Each entry point, each car plate, is going to be one row. Right. And you can imagine, well, it's like, well how do I represent what happens to each of the pixels? Well, pixels have 3 colours, right? So you've got 3 values. And so in a sort of 10 by 10, I don't know, like maybe 100 pixel by 100 pixel image, there's already quite a number of columns you can imagine, but then you have to times that by 3 because of the colour integers, right? So, when you're dealing with images, you have a lot more dimensions. When you're dealing with something like a text or a numerical um dataset, you know, it is something that you can almost imagine and visualise because it's, it's still within your sort of cognitive ability to go, all right, yeah, that's 100 columns, you know, can you imagine 1000, a million columns and then going through this convolution neural net that pushes it down to like 100, 100 labels. So it's kind of like, you know, that's the scale we're working towards. I think by the end of the course, we will be talking about convolution neural networks, because some of the projects in the past uh involves using MRI MRI data, MI MRI, yeah, correct. MRI data is, right, to, to basically forecast if there's a tumour or not. So, you know, don't, don't be too afraid of those more complicated systems, it is just a, So of linear scaling up of this particular system, right? So as a recap, we have a number of K values on the right, um, streaming that way, dimensionality, some are representative of the system, some are redundancy, right, so if you're looking at maybe gearbox, One, right, the shifting of gearbox, like column B and column D, they could be like mirrored off each other, right, when one value goes up, the other value goes down. So they're actually describing the same thing, right, so the first thing is obviously to look at if the correlator in any way. I've put up two exercises here which I think you you guys should um take some time to do this in addition to your tutorial questions, which is to go to Kegle to download a CSV file and then use Pandas to read it, and then process that in some ways. If you're able to do this, you'll be able to do this week's tutorial questions with ease because there's a lot of questions similar to that. It's processing it. Finding the statistics, the descriptive statistics around that, and then yielding some sort of information about your system. So you can find any data set and this website provides a lot of free data sets, um, you can play around with that and later in the project we'll expect you to come to this website to find things and also other places as well. Um, if you have access to your own data set, by all means bring it to your table. Um, but again, this is up to you and your and your team to discuss. It's like, OK, well, what problem are we trying to work out, you know. And unfortunately, right, when we're fighting for this particular problem, um, project that is, it's gonna be a two part challenge. It's, you know, how accessible do you, do you, uh, are you able to get the data set and how passionate you are about a certain problem. If you're passionate about a problem but you have no data set, then unfortunately within this 13 week process, it's not, Possible to like be collecting some of the data, then to get the data, um, get the problem done. So it is a bit uh tricky that way, but that's OK, we can, we can fix that soon. All right. So, conceptual description of a machine learning model. Problem, we've described that often it is mapped out, um, your data record is in roads, the different columns is your dimension. They can be labelled, um, in a situation where you have the labels and responses, right, and then you're training it, that's called supervised learning. So that is actually the label you have already, right? Imagine, right, I give you 100 apples, and you have the size of each apple, you have the colour, intensity of the retinas, and maybe the weight of it. And then you eat all 100 apples, right? And then you go, alright, well this is tasty, this is not tasty, this is tasty, this is sour, this is not. You label your 100 rolls. And I'll give you another 100 apples, right? I'll give you those three measurements, and I'm gonna ask you to predict, do you think that apple is gonna be tasty, sour, not so much. Training that label set from the 1st 100 is really what supervised learning is about, right? When you don't even have the original, you know, taste assessment, that's when we're talking about without labels, and that's called an unsupervised learning. And actually that is uh a lot more powerful in, in, well in a given sort of scenario, um, because not, not all the time do you have all the labels in place. And so the second, the second part of that, like the unsupervised learning, as we talked about last time, I sort of pointed it out, it's really about discovery, right? It's about looking for patterns that you can perhaps then devise new experiments to then generate some sort of confirmation pieces around that. But in most cases for now, right, we can, we can, uh, assume that, you know, we're gonna learn about machine learning. We're gonna use label situations, so it's a supervised learning, so then you can train the system, you can verify if the system's correct, and then you can use that same system to then generate new information without seeing, you know, the latter 100 apples for example. OK. So, once the experiment, suppose our model um it's a linear algebra bit, so it's a linear equation Y equals axe, um there's only one scalar function, uh, feature. Right, the unknoying parameter. So you can imagine here. What is the best way to find A? A is simply a gradient, right? That's uh, you know, Y equals MX plus B if you want to have a, have a, um, intercept function there. But really the question here is between method A or make method one, which is taking the average of all the ratios, right, you imagine. And then, um, averaging that out, right? Is that a better way of finding the gradient or is it to take the ratio across? So you can see this is kind of a trick question because if you've actually done any maths and everyone's done that, right, it's not as simple as just that. In fact, the better way, right, in neither way is actually good. The better way is actually to do a regression. Right? It's more than just taking the average of the ratio, it's more than the ratio of the means of each of them. It's in fact trying to minimise the square um differences between the values. So here you can see just three different lines, um, showing the 3 different cases, um, but there is a slight difference. Now that's because it's not, it's not like it's not lying exactly on the line, right? Like some parts is overestimating, some parts is underestimating, and so the third method is actually the best, uh, approach, and most of your mathematics are in, in machine learning is about finding that function. Right? What is the best function to best describe your data set, because within your data set, there's actual signal and noise part, right? If you, if you have a function that's really convoluted, right, fits all the data points, you have a situation where it's overfitting. If you have a function that, you know, does blah whatever, kind of like the other two, then you're um underfitting, right? So it's not describing your data set well enough to then say this is a signal. It's just describing random. If it's describing too well, then it's also describing the noise. So the sweet spot is about finding a good regression that you can then compare, right? Like right now it's easy because it's a linear line. But when you have a polynomial, where, you know, is it like, is it 3 power, is it 4 power? How do you compare that? And so a lot of today's work we'll be talking about for a given system, how do we compare A and B, which model better describe the problem and why do we want to describe it in that way? OK. So these are all very high level, we're not gonna get you to do the maths derivation because part of your job here isn't really to learn about the maths, it's about applying the, the math skills and knowing enough of it to then pull out computer library codes to then apply to POL. So it's a, it's a very abstract level already, a higher level, I would say. Um, OK. Any questions so far? No? OK. So, um, we've talked about two classes. Now, what, what just happened with the regression? The backdrop of that is in, it's in the mix of both of these type of questions, uh, problem sets. But in terms of actual machine learning code, right, you, you can almost categorically put problems into 22 beams, right? You have classification, which is grouping data into groups, and this is just a label. It could be as simple as just, you know, is this Apple good? Yes, no. Right? Or it could be how good is this Apple, which is actually the regression bit, right? So it, when it's a continuous, um, when it's a continuous spectrum, right, continuous data set, it's a regression type of problem, right? Almost like forecasting raindrops, right? You can have 0.1 mil, 0.2, 0.3, all the way up, or you can just simply say, is it gonna rain? Yes, no. Right, in terms of mathematics and the complexity behind it all, it is quite different, um, the classification. Um, problem predicts an outcome, right? So for example, you have a spam not spam, cat do images, and some example models use logistic regression, which in its name it's kind of confusing. You have deci decision trees, neural networks as well, um, and it outputs a discrete category. For a regression model, like house prices, temperatures, you have a linear regression, right? Uh, polynomial, which is just an extension of that linear. Um, you have neural nets as well. So neural nets is, it's a big fan of everyone because it seems it does everything, depending on how you create those neurons and the layers of, um, of, in, in your, in your neural net, you can actually get both types of problems that solved. And then the the yielding, the final outcome, the label, call it label, right? It's a number of a continuous value between a range perhaps. Note that um classification generally is finite, right? It depends on how you, how many you say, if there's only like 4 types. You know, Apple is good, Apple's not ripe yet. Apple's well done, Apple's just right, you've got 4 labels. Um, you can, you can put that as a, as a finite case. But for regression, it is uncountable, right? So the obviously you can lock it down within a certain probability range, um, that's also already highlighted. But the the idea is that it will give you a continuous range unless constrained, right? It can still give you this like infinite number, but it's highly improbable, right? And that's why we have something called distribution uh probability of distribution, right? Anything can happen, just not really probable. So, OK, so it features one class from one finite, whether or not sensor reading. To estimate, OK, I've been through all that. So, a lot of this machine learning, they yield not just a single point answer, right? They, they yield a distribution with a certainty. Much like how you face in life, right, every decision you make when you make a choice, you're like, well, I'm kind of confident with this. I'm not really sure, right, those are, You know, I think conceptually that that's a big difference. It doesn't just say yes, no to things. It gives you a confidence level. And depending on what problems that you're dealing with, that confidence level makes a big difference. If I'm saying that, hey, looking at your, at your images, and your medical scan looks like there's a tumour, but guess what, I'm not really confident, right, you may actually go, alright, you know what, let's just do another test. But if you're saying, oh, look, I'm, I've seen this a lot, right, it's highly probable that you don't have a tumour, you feel a lot more confident with the decision. So, moving from, like, you know, a deterministic approach to problem solving, which is like your equation approaches in engineering, like, you know, you do this test and you built this thing, you know it's gonna fail. You know, and you can calculate that, versus, well we know on average this is gonna happen with a certain confidence that. Um, that probability distribution makes a big difference. And obviously it's challenging in in ways because we have to understand what we're dealing with, it's no longer just a point value, it is a distribution, even if it's a point. So distribution is very useful, it's not one single point estimate, but a range of outputs, um, which is called soft limits. So, I'm sure everyone knows generally what the word means, probability, right? It's simply the number of favourable outcome over a total possible outcome. Sometimes it's called the odds, right, the odds of something happening, we understand. Oh it's on gambling, right? If you're if you're a betting person, you kind of understand how that works. Um, if not, it may be quite confusing. The whole field of probability actually came out of that, you know, in the, in, in, in ancient times and someone's just trying to describe what's the chance of, you know, I die 1 out of 6 faces becoming that if you roll it 3 times, how do I describe that, cut counting, things like that. Um, so that's what a distribution, that's what a probability means, and probability distribution is simply all the possible outcomes with the most favourable outcome being in the centre possibly, right, where you're counting the number of occurrences. That whole curve is called distribution function, right, so. You have your normal distribution function, which is also known as a Gaussian distribution function. You've got your other distributions as well, like a log normal, um, a, um, a binary, um, distribution. And the new case of this, obviously, listed here is in forecasting rainfalls, for example. So you go, well, what is the chance of having You know, zero raindrops. It's actually zero chance of no rain, right, will be, will be a, uh, example answer. But what's the chance, what's the, what's the probability of raindrops between 22 mils and 30 mils, right? So it's kind of light rain, right? You, you, from this model, you would say, OK, between that is your area under the curve. 34% of light rain and uh and so forth. So if you ever look at the BOS data, which is your um, You know, the, the rainfall forecast, you, you scroll through the actual by the hour raindrop. It sometimes says 10%. 10% of what? Right, so not a lot of, it's not very intuitive. It actually takes a certain level of understanding and go, oh, it says 10% chance of rain of this uh range of rain drop level. So it will say, you know, between 0 to 5 mil, 10%. So that's a, you know, that's a pretty low occurrence of, of rain. And so we use those kind of um rhetorics, I guess the way you describe the problem set in those works, um you always include the level of confidence in your answer. It's not just like, is it gonna rain, yes, no. You know, what's the chance of rain, probability. So what this all means is that um there's a lot more maths than you think. But um but fortunately, you know, it's all embedded in a library, which is great. Um, taking that example at the top, you can see if I show you this and say, is it a dog, you know, your brain is already computing, yes, it's a dog. But in a, in a computer language, right, you need to let it know, OK, what constitutes to being, A dog, it computes against all the classes that it's been trained for, maybe a dog, maybe a cat, maybe a. Horse, cheetah, but then, the most probable one is a dog. And so at that point, you will have something called a threshold to say, well, if any number comes through more than 0.6, right, that's like 60% or more, we'll just give that as a single answer, because that's really what you want. You want to use the machine learning algorithm to make a decision, right? So it computes all these numbers which adds up to one, by the way, right, in a finite space of probability, right, you've compacted it, you know, it's saying that, well, I'm computing this to be 77% to be a dog and so it would yield a label as a dog. So this is all compact in a way, right, intuitively you know this, um, but you may not formally think about this process as such. So You know, when you're classifying things, it, it's, it also yields a probability and the max involved is what we call a softmax function. We use different functions to, to compute that, and I'll show you some examples of that. Um, but here listed. In a neural network for the classification of images, you use something called softmax activation as a final layer, right, the final layer gives you precisely which, you know, return the highest probable number and call that the label. In a regression, there's other probabilistic models known like things like Gaussian processes or um you have Basin regressions as well, to output a distribution over all the possible values, right? Instead of just 11 point value. So again, these are all sort of the layer behind, peeling back the, the systems, you have all these um intricate mats that you kind of need to know what you're selecting, right, again, because as I said, your job here is to apply the machine learning for the, for the um for the problems that you have. You need not to necessarily go into the maths, but you need to know the differences between using this function versus that function versus that function. And perhaps you don't even know what the difference is, but you can compare and contrast the different uh output, whether or not something's more accurate or something's less accurate. So we're coming down to the crux of this whole lecture which is about, you know, what what would be, how do we evaluate accuracy, right, in selecting different moving parts of this, right? So you're assembling a system with a lot of maths behind it, and you're sort of understanding, OK, um, if I pick this activation function. Uh, I get that outcome, but is this a better or or worse outcome? So Here, I've listed different scenarios where you actually wanted to be more confident in one scenario and less in another. Right? For example, you have a self-driving car, which gives you a high confidence interval, um, of saying, OK, I, if I see all this kind of moving parts, I'm gonna say stop, and I'm 100, I'm 99% confident. That is actually gonna give you a lot more meaningful real world situational outcome than, you know, something that says, I would say stop but only 55% confidence. So depending on your problem, those arbitrary things are being locked down already, right, in, in order to develop a machine learning model for self-driving car because human life is at risk. You need to make sure the competence interval is so high that, you know, there's only so many chance, you know, one out of, 10,000 tonnes of false positive. Right? And we'll talk about those metrics. First is something that stock market prediction, you know, um, for example, giving you a chance of up and down, but you know, at the end of the day, it's, it's not gonna kill someone per se, right? Like instantly, it may slowly erode your wealth, but you know, you, you, you want a different parameter to that. And then some of the, some of the other situations like medical devices, medical tests, you only want a competence interval of 95 plus. For example, So that's just um another description of that probability function, but for a continuous range of values. So continuous range is obviously your, you know, Gaussian distribution, but in a very discrete probability for discrete classes, you have like a bar chart. OK, and they actually unfortunately have different names to it, right? One's called probability density function, much like materials, you have the density is a continuous spread, and the other is a mass function, which is like weighted mass at different points. So just knowing the terminology to search up in your, in your, you know, the use of Gen AI makes a big difference. So note that there's a, there's a subtlety there. OK, we might actually go through and um do some ment metering. See, um, how you guys are understanding everything. So everyone should be able to scan that, right? Can you scan that page yet? Mm. OK, swimming, everyone's scanned it, yeah. This is a Confusing than I thought. Scanned it, yeah. I'm gonna change screen. OK. So the question is, um, why is it important for machine learning model to provide confidence levels with the prediction? Kind of talked about this at length. So let's see if um Your answers are online. So the first the first answer helps us understand how certain the model is about the decision. Yeah, sounds sensible. Second one is it makes the model more complex but doesn't actually change decision making. Well, not really, because we've described at length again that it does change a lot on how it makes decisions. Right. Um, that one is, it allows us to adjust actions based on risk rather than blindly trusting the prediction. Definitely, right? If you're in a medical situation, yeah, you wanna like get a triple diagnosis just to make sure if that's a real tumour or not. Versus something like a spam email, like it's not that detrimental. And then obviously the last one is also incorrect. It only matters to AI researchers but not the real world application. So there's a pretty trivial. And the second question. Mm. Actually a second question. Whisper 2 when I meet him. Oh. I need the second question loaded. Oops There's another question I'm prepared. Um, not really sure what to load, let me, um, get back to you on that one. But the second question is really, why is it important for machine learning model to provide us, um, Well, the first question, sorry, what makes prediction using machine learning useful? More, which is generally more useful, so it's really just testing the first set of um slides that we had. OK. OK, so, I think this is like one of the better way of representing what we've talked about. You've by now, you've seen a lot of these names, you know, repeated here and there. But in, in a lot of ways, right, they're, they're suited in different categories, right? You have classifications, you have regression, you have supervised learning, and then unsupervised learning. As I described before already, unsupervised learning is really for pattern detection, so you're looking for new patterns, then you can sort of look into that furthermore. Supervised learning is when you already have the labels and that you're yielding, you know, a new bunch of unseen environments to provide those labels. Logistic regression is what we're probably gonna be looking at in the next few slides, uh, as a sort of casing point. But then there's also other um models. So Neural Net, we've described that. Pretty much that does most things, right? You have random forest, you have Deciree which came, which, you know, Decision tree yields random forest when you assemble an ensemble of that, and so forth. But, you know, this is a little good reference point to go, all right, well I have this sort of data in my project. What am I supposed to do with it? Well, is it a supervised learning problem that I'm dealing with? Is it a continuous data set that I'm dealing with? Perhaps I could be looking at these models that I'm gonna need to train up for. Right, so any of those models you can just call up in psychic Learn. Type that out, and it'll pull out the parameters, then you can tweak and play around with the parameters to then go, alright, this is the model result. This is model result 2 with different parameters, and then your job is to compare and contrast and then describe what just happened. Right, so that's really the pipeline that you're trying to work towards. So before I go further, we sort of need to talk about for any supervised learning, uh, situations, you would effectively need to split your data for training, right, because, you know, you don't want to fit that 100%, you have 100 ropes, right, using the Apple scenario again. You have 100 apples, but you're not gonna get another 100 apples, right, so the best way is just to split it up and say, you know what, eat 80 apples. And then give me a model, so then you can test out and forecast the remaining 20 apples and see if it's right or not. Then we can eat it and see if, you know, what you predict is correct. So this is called a data split, right, a training testing data split. There are many ways to split the data. What you do want to do is split at least. You know, something like 60% training, right, or you can have more obviously depending on how much data you have, um, but typically around 60 to 80% of your data should be, Use for training and you reserve the last 10, 20% for validation. Right. And in, in that sort of training set. There are ways of cutting it further, and I'll talk about that in the very final slide. But here you can see the effects of good splitting of data would result in either overfitting or underfitting or just right, OK, of your model design. If you do it, if the model predicts too much, right, of everything, including both the signal and the noise, it's called overfitting, and it's being too specific. It cannot be generalised, which is your challenge. But in, on the converse, if you have underfitted models, that means it's too simplistic and it doesn't describe any nuances between, you know, your system, so it's not doing its job in either case. So you need to find a good way of splitting data, getting a good accuracy result. Um, fortunately, all this can be just caught up in a simple function in PyitLearn. And by now, I think everyone should also learn the art of reading the documentation if you don't already know how to do that. Um, obviously, co-pilot can help you with understanding that. If not, you can easily find out, um, the documentation related to this. In this particular case, we're talking about training test split, so you can just input that from, from Scikit learn, state 70%. So right here it says 0.7, um, the final random state is really just a seat number. So if you wanted to make sure next time when you do some other data set, you want to split it in the same way, right? You call up random state 10. And then that, that ensures that it does the same thing. Um, the two things that I'll probably reserve later down, um, to the last slide is called random and stratified splitting. Basically it is as a picture shows, right, you could. You could have your data set so then it actually rotates the different testing segment. So then every time you train that data in fault one, for example. Right. The fault one, you have the 1st 200 as a test, the last 800 roles as a training, but then you repeat this experiment using your last 600 plus the 1st 200 as training, and then the middle 200 as testing, and you rotate that. Your final model then computes an average of those, and so you get a K fault, which is in this case, 5, right, a 5-fold cross validation. Um, process, and it's supposed to give you, um, better results, depending on how many data, um, routes we're talking about. So we talked a bit about this already, we have the easy to call functions, everything is like that. You just listed XY test. Um, obviously this is an object-oriented language where you can see the functions are being caught, right? And so you're yielding 4 parameters, X train, X, XY train, Y test, and obviously the training, um, parameters are paired up together for your model. This should be pretty self-explanatory. Um, the final random state option is really to ensure if you were to repeat this experiment, um, different days, different computers, it should give you the same results. So this is another summative table that kinda gives you some guidance into what approaches to best use um to get a good starting point when developing a model. When you have a very large data set of more than 100,000 samples, or 100,000 rolls, you can just do a simple split, right, because you have plenty of data to play around. Um, and just splitting it, say, OK, 80/20, 1st 80, last 20, would, would do the job. In a smaller situation, in a smaller data set, which you'll probably all be in, right, um. You need to start using K faults and cross validation just to get better efficiency with that limited 5000 votes that you have, for example. Right, so if you have 10,000 rolls of sample or maybe even less, like, 400, you know, 500 roles, you definitely need to consider using K uh fault of maybe like 5, 10, nothing more than 20 because then if every block is too little, there's not much of a point. Um, so something around those values will maximise the use of your data and reduce the variance between them. Um, In a lot of medical imaging data set, you have this bias. You have this bias of like, oh, I see tumour, but it's only 5, 10 images out of, The 500 scans I have that doesn't seem to have tumours. So it's not a good representation of what is a positive case and what is a negative case. The negative case of having no tumour has a lot more images. And so whatever your trained model could bias towards seeing that, you know, it will just assume everything's like, oh, there's no tumour. But in fact, you know, there, there could be a tumour, but you just, there is not a lot of examples of what a tumour looks like. Right, so in those situations and in balance set, you really need to use other approaches. So K fault stratified, um, approaches, but also weighted function. So we'll talk about that next week, how to create synthetic data, how to put more weighting on the 10 occurrences that you've seen, and then bias towards that. And for your time series, unless you're doing sort of finance, um, maybe you're doing material testing where there's a time component, um, a rolling window could be useful. Um, but some people, you know, in, in the finance world, you're doing machine learning, people often like to do a test, like they like to train it, right? And then they like to do a test, and then they like to do a forward forecast. So those are called backward testing, right? You're looking in time data. From this time onwards, but then, at some point you want to basically run your model and run it forward, but not actually make any traits or something, so then you can see how effective that is. Um, it's just inherent in the system, so there's something called leakages potentially, um, but those are very sample, How should I say it? These are very um problem centric issues, right, and it's not as simple as just comparing a score and say, oh look, this score is lower than that, you know, given the, given a certain problem set, you may want the score of that to be lower than higher, or vice versa. So again, training data set, um, easily callable as a function, um, in terms of the scoring metrics, again, that can be easily called up and we'll talk a bit more about accuracy score, precision score, recall score, um, from this point onwards. Before we go on to that though, um, just a quick recap, just a quick reminder that. For a lot of this classification problem sets, you have different activation functions, right? The, the common ones that will be used in classification problem sets is a sigmoid uh function or softmax function, we talked about that. Um, basically Softmax is an extension of the Sigmoid, but you can see how it's creating this continuous curve. Um, and basically allows you to say, oh, well, if my value is on this side, it's probably in class 1. If my value is on that other side, it's class 0, right? And then you add up the classes and it gives you that. Um, every classification problem can generally be broken down to a binary system. It's either Apple's tasty or not really. And then the not really is like, how not really, like really bad or, you know, slightly more than. Bad, so now you have like a 3 class system, but using two binary distribution as a as a way of sorting it, um. So that's just stuff breaks it down further. But it basically that just says that if you understand how to how to describe two, then you can do that for multiple classes as well. So activation functions are just a mathematical equation that gives you a distribution, um it gives you a uh probability, and so it also constraints it to, Either or, right, and that little gradient in between is what those um differences are. So you've got the sigmoid, which is like a um like S curve, right, you've got the 10, hyperbolic 0 function, which has a lot sharper drop-offs. But um those other things that I put in boxes is for neural networks. For this particular situation, we're just concerned with classification, it's the two, it's the two boxes we have here, um, very similar, um, probably not, doesn't make a lot of sense to you at the moment. OK, so, um. Classification. How do you evaluate the performance of your, of your model? Well, in the, in the Apple case, right, we know what is tasty, because you ate 80 apples already, and you know what, what the, the tasty apple would look like, how much they weigh, um, and also how red they look like. So that truth, right, the label truth is your ground truth. So we have this term ground truth you're reading the textbook. You may actually want to be able to search that term. You know, when you see Gra trip, you know that is what it's referring to is the objective, understood label of the system. The model itself predicts something from it. So the predictor is what is the classifier is predicting, um, and depending if it's predicting it truly or not, then you have something called like true positive, true negative, and so forth. I think this, this paragraph is confusing as, but this is a better, Better, um, showcase, so I don't really have this. It's unfortunate. So right here, right, I'll fix this slight deck. But it's supposed to be the flag of Panama. And why do I say that? Because. Panama's flag, if anyone's seen anything. It's got the colour boxes as well as the stars, right, so let me see if I can find, maybe next picture I have it. unfortunate Um, OK, so it's called confusion matrix. I'm not sure if it's just a pun, someone created the name, it's confusing as and they call it that name just for the fun of it. Um, but if you read it slowly, right, you have the grand truth, which denotes as C, right? So C equals to 0 is negative. C equals to 1 is positive, so it is it tasty, right, is your apple tasty? No, that's C equals 0. Right, and then C equals 1 is is positive, right. The predictor, which is the model that you develop, C hat. Gives you two labels potentially, right, because we're looking at the two classes. So is it tasty? Yes, right, but did the predictor say it's tasty? Yes, well, that's great, you know, it's correctly predicted what should happen, right? Which is in the bottom right. But in the case where is it tasty, yes. But did the predictor says it's tasty? No. So it's actually giving you a false positive, a false negative, right? So, you can see here, right, this little example. Is a, it's a very typical machine learning problem where they they they do the the handwritten notes, um your your integers, so it's trying to predict what value, what number, um, you know, you're writing. And in a case where it's predicting the number 5, right, for example, predicting digits from and written number 5. Bottom right is correctly predicting 5s are fives. In the other case, it's correctly predicting that 5s are not 5, right, so 8 is not 57 is not 53 is not 5. And so those values makes a big um so once you note that down, you can create the matrix you need to compute how accurate your model is. OK. So take some time to sort of digest this, and I think the digestion of this needs some examples, obviously. Assuming that you have a good understanding. Right, and I, I'll show you some extent. Alright, of which number falls into which, so if you have 100 experiments. And then you go, right, for the first experiment. This is the correct label, and then the predictor predicts, no, the right label, the same label, you count that, you tally that up. And you put them into the quadrant. What you then get is like 4 numbers. Based on the 4 numbers, you can compute the various different uh highlighted values on the right, which are then part of your scoring metrics. So for specificity, right, how specific the model is, is able to tell something is correct or not correct. Is based on the total number of true negatives, right, over the total number of true negatives plus false positives, right. Recall, OK, sensitivity, so how often it can tell uh the correct one, from the rest of everything. I True positive over the total of false negative plus true positives. So that is exactly why I put it in those quadrants because you can see the denominator takes the values across and this kind of simplify your memory of how things worked. OK. The two tick boxes obviously are the correct values, so, you know, the model is doing what it's supposed to do. Correctly predicting something, correctly predicting or not well, predicting what isn't. OK? And then the other quadrants, the two crosses, is your self mistakes, right? That the, the model is incorrectly predicting. Positive or what should be negative and vice versa. Precision is how well it's um it's predicting, right, obviously going down the column, and then finally, combining some of these scoring, you can yield something called an accuracy number, OK? Now, just to confuse you even more. Those aren't really your scoring numbers, right, like, very like in the last hour or so I've basically posed this question. When you're creating a machine learning model, how do you know it's good enough? Right, how do you know it's good enough based on various factors, right, based on the problems that you're dealing with, right, is it a medical situation, is it a, is it a um, Is it a driving autonomous car situation? Is it a spam email situation? Right, those different problem sets dictate different levels of confidence, right? And then after that point, assuming that you process your data properly and do the training and generate your model in a, in a proper fashion, then you can use scoring values like this to then say, OK, well if I do it in this fashion, these are the scores I get. If I do it in this other fashion, Then this is another set of scores I get. Comparing those scores allows you to say, OK, this is actually a better model, and so we can use that model from that point onwards. So you can see there's already many layers in the design process. Um, but when I, before, before this slide, I was just showing you effectively. 4 highlight at once, right? The accuracy value sometimes can be um. Can be misguided. Because it doesn't give you a good resolution between the precision and the recall value. In some situations, you want to be more precise, right? Be able to tell what it is should be. In other situations, you wanna like, not make a false positive um estimate, right? So like again medical data, just because you see a shadow, can't just go around cutting people up. Because it's gonna cost them, it's gonna, you know, there's psychological issues, so you want to be more precise in one situation and and less than the other ones. So the F1 score, the harmonic average, is actually a better way of describing, The average score So, you know, moving forward, when you're doing model comparison. Use the, obviously, you know, or there's a generator using the libraries, write a function to go evaluate my model based on, right, those four factors or 5 here, right? And then you will have a matrix to then compare and describe, right? Why Model 3 is better than Model 5, because the harmonic value is actually higher and so it's suitable for this particular situation and problem set and so forth. And then try and look into um what you can optimise. So here's some numbers um. I think this was, this is definitely not apples because there's like 1000 iteration of eating apples, but it will be like some, some randomly generated problem set, um, then you have the 4 numbers here. The question then becomes, OK, well, can you compute what the values of each of those. And so if you just apply it to formulas, you, you basically get an accuracy of 95% for this model, um, but the harmonic F1 score is actually 88%. You know, all this is very independent and abstract because there is no context. But if you assume, presumably if you have another model created and that gives you a 99% accuracy, Right? What does that now mean? Or maybe you you could be overpopulating or overfitting your models to the dataset. So that's when you go back into looking at your data processing process, or maybe the precision goes down as the recall value goes up. Is that suitable for your given for your given problem, right, for your given challenge. So when you have multiple different models with scoring, that's when you can say, OK, this, this kind of makes sense, this doesn't make sense. There's a lot of interpretation in that, um, but generally that's a stack up, OK? So, we talked about different models and it's, you know, only makes sense when you have different models, changing it, um, why does it matter? Well, when you have different models, what you're effectively saying is that the way to make decisions are different. So here we have 4 different diagrams, right, 4 different images showing the SVC uh approach, right. Um, but with a different kernel. So forget about the naming, just call it model 123 and 4, but it's basically different mathematical function behind it. And you can see based on those mathematical functions. The way it's interpreting what is a blue dot, what is a red dot, what is a, a, a white dot, the boundary conditions are very different, right? And so, you know, it makes a big difference if you're those starts in the sort of. Sort of apex of those colours, right, like in some situation, it will be classed as a red dot, in other situations it will be classed as a blue dot, right? Those little boundary values makes a difference to your to your confusion matrix. And so part of your job is to evaluate what's a suitable model for your problem set. OK, so we have already 4 conditions, right, if you just go through this again. You have your representation, you have your data representation, assuming you have a good set of data that is representative of the real world. And that you process this properly by transforming the data set into something that makes sense. And then after that point, you would then You would then apply the right training algorithm and right training slip for the given data set. Then you would have the actual um mathematical model that you pick and choose to do the training on. And then after that point, you would then say, OK, this model is better than that model. For all these uh situations. OK, so, so there's there's a, there's a long list of conditions already stacking up, um, but in general, the last, last thing, unfortunately. Um, is your threshold condition? So right now we've made a bunch of decisions, but what's a good enough decision? OK, it's not a good enough model, it's a good enough decision. When you're talking about A threshold number, it's like the spam email situation that we talked about, right? Based on the work choice in the email presented, this looks kinda like spamming. OK, great. It gives you a probability, right, it says 65% spamming. OK, well, do I want to label this as spam email. Yes, no. Should it be 70% or above, only at that point do I block it and put it in junk mail. Right, how often have you signed on to some random pub crawl, you know, sign on foodie discount? To then only have that email going to your spam email. Right, that's a, that's a real world usage of like, OK, well, maybe a threshold was a bit too low. If I set that threshold to be higher, then it, you know, that particular email will come through my inbox properly, whereas the other one, you know, Nigerian prince trying to sell me crypto with, with whatever just for Easter, that's definitely spent, right? So the threshold makes a big difference and you can see here in the, in the breakdown, having a um, Having a value, having different sort of conditions in that matrix will give you different uh parameters, and I think it's better represented in this next one. So the best way to really evaluate thresholds um in the, In the context of your true negatives and true positives and recall values, is using something called a receiver operating characteristic. Now I'll let you all read up on ROC at home on how it came about. It actually has a pretty interesting story, which originated from World War 2. And it's basically back then, um, people look at radars, they said blip on the screen, like, you know, beep, beep, beep, and depending on how frequent it beeps, right, and how, you know, reporting says, oh yeah, there's definitely a plane coming inside, right? That actually gave rise to this concept of ROC. And so the ROC is really saying how, how, how often do we say, how often do we read a true positive case versus a false positive case. So TPR right, true positive rate. Equals your sensitivity recall value, so what we did the calculation before is that value. The false positive rate FPR is 1 minus the specificity value, so you can go back to that formula and apply and compute that. The curve here, right, is at different threshold values, right, from 10% to 15% to 20%, blah blah blah all the way to 100%. We then give you a curve of responses, right, so it's how sensitive it is to um to your system. And the best way to compare between models, right, you can see the models are represented in the different colours. The diagonal curve here is basically a random classifier. It's like tossing dies, like tossing a coin, you know, you can't tell if the, if the model actually tells you or forecasts something correctly. That's your baseline. Anything more than your baseline, showcase that it's probably a good classifier. The very top line, right, the purple one is your perfect classifier which does not exist, because in life there's always a trade-off. You're always trading off on how often it can pull the positive out, but at the same time, you know, what's the chance of it saying that, you know, everything is just one. Right. Cause then it will, it will 100% capture, like if I give you that Apple uh example again, how tasty is this uh apple? Well, it's great, you know, and it just keeps saying it's great. Of course it's capturing all the tasty apples. But what about all the other non-tasty apple, the really sour ones, the overripe ones. Those are false positives. So either, either extreme, now obviously the converse is saying that none of the apples are great. It captures all the other sour apples, great, but then it also miscalculated the good ones. So there's a trade-off between the two, and looking under the area of the curve is your best way of knowing if a model is good. OK, so just a recap. We've got a model. From the model, we look at the label data, the ground truth, and then the predicted truth, which is your C hat. Based on that, you would tally up how often it gets it right, how often it gets wrong, you create the confusion matrix. From the confusion matrix, we can then calculate a few parameters like accuracy numbers, recall values, um, specificity, and also precision, right? From that, we can then apply different threshold conditions and then generate these curves, right, and these are called ROC curves. And then from this ROC curve, we compute the area underneath the curves to then yield the area under the curve. And using that as an ultimate sort of evaluator, we can then say, our model with a given set of thresholds, right, is probably doing a pretty good job over this other model with the same conditions, because that curve is higher to the left top left corner, right? Confusing, yeah. It's a bit of a layup, but. Just goes to show is not as simple as hitting a key. Um. So really, your job is to say, what, what are we optimising things for, right? You have false positive. Obviously model predicts positively, but it's actually negative. But then false negative is the opposite, it's model predicts negative, but it's actually positive. They're both incorrect, the point is. But what is the cost we're talking about here? If you want to optimise for precision, again, precision, you can just proxy that to medical situations, right? You, you don't wanna like cut into random people for no random reasons at all, just because you, you see a dot on the, on the scan. Um, You know, you want to optimise for precision. That's your first case. The cost of false positive is more than false negatives. OK, so you're gonna get it wrong, but what's the cost of getting it wrong based on false positives, OK? On the opposite end of the spectrum, you can optimise for recall, right, which is the cost of false negative is more than the cost of false positives. OK, so, predicting propensity to buy certain things. OK, a quick purchase call, uh, this is, this is in reference to making a sales call, right? If you have a client list, you could just make a sales call because you assume that they may buy. But you got it wrong, like they, they don't have money, you know, Nigerian prints doing spam emails. They want the second one, right? Just, just remember that. They just want to spam everyone, right? Maybe there will be a hit rate. Because what's, what's worse? Well, the person just ignores the email, right, you send one extra email. The cost isn't too much, OK? And then in the real world scenario, right, you want the goldilock moment where it is a good balance between the false positive and false negative. So the actual, the shape of the curve could say something about, even though you have different area under the curve being the same. But the shape of the curve could look different, you want to be able to say, OK, this shape is

SPEAKER 2
suitable for my given problem set.

SPEAKER 0
OK. So here's a, here's an actual real curve, right, not, not the spammy, Nigerian prints kind of thing, but you can see here are three models, right, red, black, and green. Which one is actually better? It's really hard to say, right, because A, we don't know the problem here. Right, we, assuming that the data treatments, it's, it's correct and that you've trained the data in, in a good fashion, the representation is good, but you still need to understand the context of what is the problem here. What is it challenging. If you have a good condition on that, then you can say, OK, well, given that's the context. Maybe the red one is good enough. Because you know, a, that's kind of looking to be more on the left side, the area under the curve without doing a lot of the compute looks maybe more than the black one and the green one. So based on AUC. It has probably the higher value. But is that, is that good enough in terms of the threshold conditions? Right? So there there's never really a clear winner. By this stage, it's all about judgement. It's like based on this judgement, these are the trade-offs I'm willing to make. And based on those trade-offs, you know, it's good enough or not. OK. So this is basically a clue to when you're presenting your report by the end of the term, right? We don't want to just say, OK, this is the best, this is the best model. We don't expect words like that. We just wanna hear, know, like realistically you'll have to say, this model is good enough for this job because of those reasons, whereas this other one, whilst it can do this and this and that, it's not, It's not specific enough for what we want, and so forth. Question. How does the area under the curve show the signal? Single value performance. So a single value performance measures. Oh, so, so, as in it's a single metrics that you're using. So it gives you a number, right, it gives you a, it gives you an area under the curve, like 0.6, whereas the red line is like 0.75. So it's a single number, single numerical value. Right, the, the, the area under the curve is a value that you can compare between models that will give you some clue, additional clue, yeah, I guess it's poorly worded from my side, but that's what I mean, it's a, it's a one number that you can say, oh look, it's good. Because of, you still need to fill in the because of, right, as a, as a long form explanation to it. But it's definitely more meaningful than the accuracy number and the sensitivity number and the F1 scores and so forth, OK? So all of this does not exist in vacuum, it needs context, which is really the biggest challenge here, right? So fortunately, again, thank God to to people writing, um, you know. Libraries are ready, it's all callable functions. So here's, um, here's something that was generated using chat GPT. Obviously, GAI to the rescue. Um, but you can, you can ask it enough, like, you know, give me a templated, um, function that I can call, you know, given a certain data set to then compute the ROC curves, as well as the area under the curve. And you'll pull in those two functions, import ROC curve function, um, sorry, library, um, and also the ROC area under the curve score, which is basically your Skit learn matrix, it's in that package. I, I should also make a note now that I get, um, so the opportunity. You can compute all this independent of it, but you can also create a pipeline in the system to then go compare those values, sorry, compare these models based on this metrics. The default setting is actually looking at accuracy number, um, and I don't think it actually looks at F1 score, but there will be um, There will be tutorials to sort of driving the point that you can set in whatever metrics you want, put that in the pipeline and say when you're doing the compute, change these variables and optimise these variables based on this scoring. And at that point, you want to say, all right, I want to evaluate my model based on F1 score, area under the curve, and maybe sensitivity. So if those are the three you want, you want to set that in your pipeline, then it will do the, it will do the compute for you. And so once you, once you design your pipeline well, you can just hit it and then go in and then come back and you should have a optimised model and be able to then explain why. That model is the way it is, right, but anyways, in this case, you can see what I just described before. It's computing based on the example ground truth number, and then the predictive values. It then computes the confusion matrix in the background, computes the FPR and the TPR, um, based on your different thresholds, right? It then computes a table, and that table is then mapped. As your ROC curve, and then from that it computes the area under the curve by integration, which is now, you know, 0.72 in this case. OK, so, so those, those mechanical steps shouldn't be too difficult for you to understand. You've all done calculus, you understand like, you know, basically just around the curve, um. Cool. Alright, what's the time? Half an hour. OK, so this will be the final slide, I think, um, but this is to comment back to the very beginning, when we talked about different data sets, right? When we're handling different data sets, um, there's treatment to data sets, you're cutting them up to training data set and testing data set. There's something called the K fault, which we touched based on, and then the cross validation is really how you fault that down. So this is a, I guess this is the same depiction of what that green diagram we had before. You've got your data set, it's moving through the time points, um. You know, I think it's quite self-explanatory. The way you call this thing up, um, again, it's in the pipeline, right? So, I'm introducing all this terminology because in the real use case, you just call up the function from Pyit learn. You plug in what model you want, you tell it what parameter to train up, and then what condition you also apply. There's a really good explanation on cross validation. Um, in the documentation. So I advise everyone to read up on that and move this around. But you can, you can basically Google that up. Um, no doubt you'll, you'll definitely look into that because as you're sort of applying this, um, pipeline, there will be various different sub-parametters that you need to then learn. So how many times you want to, like, for example, the percentage, right, of your training set, how many iterations you want. Do you want to have it randomised? Do you not want to have it randomised? Now, by randomising, I'm saying that the boxing here, so you can see, there's 5 different circles, boxing sequences, right, in a randomised fashion, you may actually pick out bits and pieces from different parts. And what that means is that you're really trying to maximise the variation in your data set, in your sort of training approach. Because sometimes, like a hidden pattern could be things come and go in a sort of, um, periodic situation. So if you just pick out the periodicity where something doesn't occur, like moon faces, right? Oh, you know, if you're looking at the tide, right, water tide and wave tide, that is correlated to the to the moon phase, we all know that, right, for anyone who goes surfing or fishing, you know, that's a, that's a given knowledge. Um, but if you're just trying to understand, ah, you know, when does the boy moves up and down, well, there's a seasonality that is embedded in the data, and if you don't use randomised data, right, you're gonna capture that and and overtrain your model. And so your model wouldn't be accurate in terms of description to when something happens. Right, so those are situations where you need to consider, should I randomise my um my training set or not? And I think. OK, so in summary, um, whilst we did not go through the whole drill of downloading CSV information from Kegle, you can all go through that, but we did describe how, um, the data set, how a typical data set are arranged, at least for something that is a non-image, right? Something that is, um, More commonly a custom sort of input. So you, you've got your numerical values, maybe some sort of label data, that's organised in a CSV format. If you're dealing with like sound bytes, that's gonna be very different. Uh, images are gonna be very different as well. But for most cases, CSV will be your typical, uh, file type, data source, and that, Different columns represent different features. Those features are AKA dimensions, um, they can be labelled, meaning that you can output things into those. You can also be using that to output a new column of some sort, um, and so, if you're predicting things that are already as a label, that's really your supervised training. Um, for things that you have completely no idea what's happening, that's like an unsupervised training approach, uh, you're discovering a pattern, that's really what you're doing. Um, from that point onwards, we talked about ground truth, right, for classification models anyway. And then from that ground truth, we evaluate how accurate a model predicts something, right, which is a C hat. From all those numbers, you can then generate a confusion matrix, which then gives you all the scores you need to then generate your ROC curves. From your ROC curves, you can then do the compute for your area under the curve, and bringing all that together, you can make some sense about how good your black box model is. Um, the missing context is obviously the problems that you're dealing with and also what other models you have. Um, and then once you understand what you're dealing with, you can just simply call them, call your functions from Ski Learn. Um, generating those performance matrix. So it, it's probably pays, um, you know, I should probably say in this week when you're working with that in your tutorial question, try and write functions that you can just repeat call, because as you're dealing with this this week, right? Subsequent week we'll just rely on some other thing. But if you have those functions called up, then in your, in your final, um, project, you can just call, OK, compute. And compare contrast function, right, and that will just take in a list of your models that you've wrote, and then give you a standardised table showing you the different values and then you can copy and put this in your report and so forth. Um, Yeah. That's it, I think, I think this is, this is the end of um this week's lecture. Any questions? Yeah. No. Alright, so, good job everyone. We finish a bit early, but um if you have any questions to come down and ask. All the tutorial questions is online as well, so, so make sure you just go through that, um, Before your lecture, uh, before your tutorials. Yeah. Cool, thanks. Hey, hey, how are you?

SPEAKER 3
Not too bad. um, dealing with the data set has a lot of

SPEAKER 4
people. You might have multiple rules like A, B, and C characteristics like that. If you have outputs in the unsupervised, do you just do or would you treat them all just it's hard to say because sometimes there may be interactions if you, if you have, um, say for example.

SPEAKER 0
If you're buying a car, right, you, you have a bunch of car sales data, and you know, the, the make of it, the year of it, the colour of it, you've got your mileage of it. And you're trying to predict not just the sales price, but also the maintenance costs and the running costs, right? Does that make a big difference? Well, I would say that your make and the year and the running, uh, mileage are correlated to the maintenance costs. So at that point, you're gonna have to look at the correlation curve. You're gonna have to look at each of those parameters and put it in a massive pairwise distribution to, to look at if it's correlated. And you want to ideally find things that are factors that are orthogonal, so they are independent ways of representing your system, right? Um, and there's something called a PCA, which is principal component analysis, which basically takes your, takes your convoluted, you know, input data set where some parameters are representing both both cases to dissect that and go, oh well, I'm looking at half of this input. To predict that other thing and so forth. But in, you know, in a very simple case, you, yes, you want, you may want to just ignore some of them and predict that, but then, you know, do you then repeat that and predict the next column because it might be overtrained for just that situation. So it's not a simple answer to that, but you, the general process will be to decouple them, right, by doing a PCA, reduce the dimensionality, and then do the compute on that. At that point it's very abstract because your axes are no longer price of, you know, price of car or the make of car, it's not, it's not gonna be one of those, it's a latent, it's a latent hidden dimension.

SPEAKER 5
explains it.

SPEAKER 4
is that it's not a single answer. I get that it's so abstract at that point that

SPEAKER 0
you just have to trust the math because it's like saying imagine a 5 dimension object. You can imagine 3, you can imagine 4, which is a movie. But then like, you know, that's when the purest of

SPEAKER 4
maths. Like I And you have you just kind of shuffle it.

SPEAKER 0
You you can't because you don't know how to explain it. You want to layer up slowly. So then at some point you go, oh, wait a minute, from this point to this point, this is what

SPEAKER 2
I, I was intending. But then this answer doesn't make sense.

SPEAKER 0
So even though you could just shut them all, but

SPEAKER 2
you want to layer it stage by stage so that

SPEAKER 0
you can explain.

SPEAKER 2
Yeah, yeah, I'm also thinking about the different model where

SPEAKER 4
you have all your datasets. Do you give it just as grammars or as like information associated to very people? Would you put them as equals? Usual characteristics of a sample or theories of sample start

SPEAKER 0
start with something simple, yeah.

SPEAKER 1
Cool. my question was. Make the confusion matrix.

SPEAKER 5
Oh yeah.

SPEAKER 1
I just Basically, each of the, basically each of the

SPEAKER 5
each was there.

SPEAKER 2
Because if you look at the axions, right, it's mapping the TPR and the FPR centre, right, but then those

SPEAKER 0
numbers only changes because you change the threshold. So it's basically like every single confusion matrix will have

SPEAKER 2
different threshold. And that taking those numbers.

SPEAKER 5
And then you're looking at the new phone.

SPEAKER 1
Right, but then when you meet the confusion matrix. So you just set up.

SPEAKER 0
The threshold is computed by when you call the function

SPEAKER 5
and ask you to plot, which is plot based on. You know, like I, I, every, every one of the position.

SPEAKER 1
I can, um.

SPEAKER 2
Like at least once you know which model you want,

SPEAKER 5
then you go back and say this is a model and this is the apex. Now I need to look at Whatever model setting that

SPEAKER 2
gives me that reass which thresholds.

SPEAKER 1
so that it's more for like.

SPEAKER 2
Yes, in a way.

SPEAKER 0
In a way, because you're varying the different thresholds to say which model is good, and then you want them to put the parameters to work with the model, right,

SPEAKER 5
so at some point it's back and forth so.

SPEAKER 1
You mentioned.

SPEAKER 0
The pipeline is just basically like step 1, step 2,

SPEAKER 2
step 3, step 4. The first bit is to get the data and then

SPEAKER 0
do the, do the data cleaning, that's like step 5,

SPEAKER 5
so data preprocessing.

SPEAKER 2
Uh, after that you do some transformation as required, you reduce the dimension if you need, and then you find

SPEAKER 5
a model and like those are the massive blocks and that you stitch it up, and even if you just

SPEAKER 2
change the different data set, you can just shove it and do the same thing very seamless because these are

SPEAKER 0
like to.

SPEAKER 2
It's right the function function where functions.

SPEAKER 5
This this pipeline is actually embedded in the library core,

SPEAKER 2
so you can just call psychic learning. Machine learning pipeline and then it says, well, first step,

SPEAKER 0
select what models you wanna.

SPEAKER 2
I said, what parameters do you want to shop into this moment and.

SPEAKER 1
Using the then then the threshold.

SPEAKER 3
Because.

SPEAKER 1
And the precision is the.

SPEAKER 0
Anytime that those values changes, those things change.

SPEAKER 5
Precision is how how precise you want how how how well is correctly predicted. And then sensitivities also.

SPEAKER 2
Sensitivity is how sensitive it is being.

SPEAKER 5
Not So how well is it at not doing for?

SPEAKER 2
Look at the Panama flag.

SPEAKER 5
It's a good leader.

SPEAKER 1
Sorry, but the question. Oh yeah.

SPEAKER 0
So, when you, when you have a threshold, those number changes, right, basically still, you know, positive or negative yeah. Yeah, so all those things that were stated before, we

SPEAKER 2
introduced the threshold. The threshold is assumed as 0.5.

SPEAKER 0
On once you sort of change that curve and say

SPEAKER 5
look, you know, based on the sigmoid function, you're just

SPEAKER 2
going to draw from this side onwards, it has to be 0.7 and onwards to be deemed as a true positive.

SPEAKER 0
Then you go, OK, well now you've shifted that middle

SPEAKER 5
section.

SPEAKER 1
Thank you Yeah. Yeah, yeah, he emailed that to me.

SPEAKER 5
So is that so um you're claiming that now for like people that.

SPEAKER 2
Yeah, yeah, send me that. So you have the spreadsheet on, yeah, we do that,

SPEAKER 5
yeah, 35. What's the I mean.

SPEAKER 1
Um, I was just putting two things on my.

SPEAKER 3
Uh, what is probably the best thing? Is that for those That's I'm going to release a

SPEAKER 5
shirt.

SPEAKER 1
It's a practise.

SPEAKER 5
So that this is a kind of uh what I see does to what is syntax. Uh, in order to practise the see in this, uh, kind of.

SPEAKER 3
And is there a specific question? like all like.

SPEAKER 5
Yeah, yeah, so for any, for any computer, uh.

SPEAKER 1
Mm Your components you want to be able to as

SPEAKER 5
well. Dealing with that.

SPEAKER 1
non high I I can learn is really the mama

SPEAKER 5
that's all. I should know what. OK, last one. A classic. Yeah I see are classified and you know that that process it even though I don't really know the math, you know, I kind of know how. Yeah, well, um, so, you know, psyche learning is another major. Library including the need to get and then they like bodies. And if you look at, if you just Google. You Google, see this is where I think generally I really. not very Using a You know, and, and there you

SPEAKER 0
go, show me um a coat title.

SPEAKER 5
Free life Then you can contain contrast and say, well, now I understand it as well. How about I want to do. You can now change your example. And then compare the two books and all of this. So if you're just chatting with the bar, I think a very short time frame, you can ask and learn about things that you've got more. Rather than finding documentation. When you Then we exposed. And um the other sort of resources I would say. You're talking about That doesn't mean What A lot of people here top side and coding. These are the kind of.

SPEAKER 1
Um The final resource, maybe the first resource I say

SPEAKER 5
let's go on to the. The books are On the psychic learn It's pretty like Proper to The first chapter, it just goes, well, do this and then this is. rather than here's the theory behind all that.

SPEAKER 1
And then something That's This one And And But both

SPEAKER 5
on it and my advice is to change that. See Because you know, the second you make modification for it, that's when you learn it, right? Like if you're cooking, then like if I don't have that much sugar, it shouldn't taste that sweet. That's exactly what it is you understand the sugar goes to the sweetness, right.

SPEAKER 3
No, I tell you. I think he's just like uploading that.

SPEAKER 5
And it's a, it's a, it's why, it's why those coding are needed. That's so then how do you do this and that but what's in?

SPEAKER 3
And also just with the eyes. But That was the I'll see the same point that actually showing.

SPEAKER 1
I Like you said, once I do them saying that

SPEAKER 3
you all have any value is 0. OK. I actually just don't understand.

SPEAKER 2
So basically, you know, using, using the samples like 2

SPEAKER 5
slides before that time make sure. He threshold 8.5 it's like. There being one, you always see. So using that actual sample like how has this apple.

SPEAKER 2
It's always there.

SPEAKER 5
Well, that's not really useful. That's on the extreme end on the. Because basically saying all irrespective of what it is, it la. It's always telling you the truth, so that's not necessarily

SPEAKER 3
a perfect case, that is just.

SPEAKER 2
I suppose yeah, wording is probably, it's a non-realistic, you

SPEAKER 5
know, it's not useful. Right, because it's always telling you like one and then

SPEAKER 2
on the extreme and it's always telling you so.

SPEAKER 5
So how, how is this really a salty butter? Whereas on the other end of the spectrum the doctor. It's like it's the point if they. So somewhat in between, it has the ability to distinguish. That's when the real costs.

SPEAKER 2
Even that like when the knee. Telling you there's a biassing more towards recall or precision.

SPEAKER 5
Yeah, right, so you want to have a sweet spot

SPEAKER 2
where I give you an apple, like maybe all the

SPEAKER 5
green apples are generally sour, so you could buy a, yeah, it's not so, and every so often you get a sweet one. It's OK we're making. Issues using green apples, we don't really care about the sweetness, you know, it's really the sourness. Where's the like the the actual table or the red hat? You want to be sweet, you do want to give it to the kids. You don't wanna like, you know, put them off from anyrus forever. Right, so maybe you wanna like. OK, so like again using the Apple. You can play around with that checking.

SPEAKER 1
Yeah And I was like You don't Yeah hopefully yeah

SPEAKER 5
cool, easy.

SPEAKER 0
You guys do it?

SPEAKER 1
No. In all Yeah, you got a glass on it yeah. Same. All right. But I have to ask. Right Um, but. So And Um, she's better. I So a longer sentence. Um OK, so. Um That was really right on the. find a OK Yeah Yeah. I Yeah, There's
