SPEAKER 0
OK, there were also questions on how, how are they designed and uh conceived, right, and so I think that, I think that answers um it's quite clear now that you've been through a few tutorials, right, very often when you're coding this, um, in real life you just pull the framework from a library, right? Um, but then obviously those libraries are embedded with, with, um, some calculus and mathematical equations behind it. Um, there are certain assumptions, you can call on those parameters, obviously. But if you're more advanced into, into the actual stack, you can then directly input your equations and today in our lecture, we'll actually look um at how this can be done as well, not, not the actual coding bit but how there's certain basic assumptions that is embedded in those libraries, right, so if you're just doing it and getting it done, right, you can just pull it off from the library. If you want to be more nuanced with the parameters and assumptions, then you need to potentially change those um conditions. So, for example, you know, rather than using Gaussian distribution for everything that we're describing, you could use different distributions and so forth. There are questions about How this is compute, like, um, how, how machine learning is different to conventional engineering models, um, and Prel formulations is what traditionally happens, right? So you, you define, say, basic physics equations, and then you solve that. But in a machine learning system, that's not necessarily the case. Uh, there was a question on. What what is theta, right, that's just a notation for the model itself. It's a general notation, meaning that you could have theta being as simple as a linear equation. Or as complex as a polynomial, right, or any other sort of functions in between. Um, There was a few questions on. When do we accept They're unexplainable, right? And we've been through this last week or at least the week before, that machine learning nowadays is very probabilistic and that not often can you fully explain, um, what actually happens. And so under what premise would you accept that being the case, right? Do you need to always explain what has happened in the black box to then go, I trust this answer. Well, it depends, right, it depends on what you're doing. If you're trying to make sales, right, if you're working with Amazon, and perhaps or maybe, you know, less than that, you could be working for a local store, there's um there's a machine learning. Back in on the website and you're just trying to predict sales, then perhaps you know, you just want to predict sales. Right, you just want to make that job done. You don't really need to explain how, you know, there's false positives, there's false negatives, and so forth. If you're in a medical imaging um scenario or like in the healthcare industry, then you don't want to get it wrong. And so under those situations, you might want to know how machine learning, Came to the decision, right, and that perhaps that is a fireball approach or maybe it's less accurate and so forth. So that question on when would you accept um explanations, uh, or and when you not need to explain, um, it's really depend on your case, on the situation. Um, I think here is also another question on how does it look like? What does it look like? So I think going through your tutorials, you'll probably see a lot more of that tangible piece, right? So here, in, in our lectures, we talk about the high level abstraction, you know, this is what you do, this is what happens. In the tutorial, you then put the pieces together, right, and the, and the, So the first layer is to just pull the package down from the libraries, um, the next layer could then be looking into the equations, optimising the parameters, and then further on, if you're really into this, then you can look into using Tensorflow and other, uh, packages to just codify or just directly um coat your, your system that way. Questions between supervised and unsupervised learning, um, what's the difference between unknown known inputs? Well, basically, if you get a data set, right, and you have no idea what the output is, that is an unsupervised learning situation. Uh, and I say no output in the sense that you don't know how it's mapped. Right, all you get is a bunch of inputs. So if you look at um how the large language model nowadays uh were assembled anyway, all they did was just take a bunch of inputs from the internet, right, every single commentary human has made dumped onto the internet, they grabbed that, and then they feed it into a system, right, a system being some sort of equation that takes all the parameters in there. And then what happens? Well, something happens in the in the equation and then out comes, Groupings, right, and based on those groupings, they can then feed it back and then regenerate and so forth. And then from that process, obviously it's a, it's a lot more complex than just taking inputs, dumping equations and then coming up with groupings, but the essential understanding is that in an unsupervised learning, all you get is that input and then you're trying to triangulate or trying to extrapolate what those groupings and um you know, are. And so based on that, you're discovering the correlations, right, and this is not quite the same as supervised learning where you take an input and you know there's a mapped out output. So using the apple analogy, the other day, right, every other week, we talk about, Um, if you have a bunch of fruits like apples, you know, you can get the measurement of the size, you can get the weight of the apple, you can get the colour of the of the shade of the redness, um, and then you, you taste bite it, right, you have a bite and see how tasty it is. And based on that, you have an output, right? You know the input correlation, you know the output, and then you're trying to develop the machine learning, the model behind it all. And from that point onwards, then you can use new input, so I give you a new apple, give you a size, shape, and so forth, and you can then forecast or predict. How tasty it is. So that's obviously the, the supervised learning approach. So that's the, the difference between unknown, input and output, uh, and how that uh is generally named as supervised and unsupervised training, um, you know, in your model development. There was a question on how GPUs is a profound impact on AI models. There's actually a pretty cool um video on YouTube, so you can go and Google it, maybe I'll put on the URL here afterwards. Um, but it's basically showcasing how parallel processing works. And what they really did was just paint a picture using a paintball gun, uh, but you know the guys from Mythbusters, they're quite eccentric, so. What they did was, um, yeah, I think it's best to, to look at it yourself, I find the clip and put it in. um but what what GPU allows, um, You know, this area to proliferate is that they can do a lot of parallel processing. A lot of your matrixes, they need to be um computed for each individual elements, and they can effectively do that, do that processing quite quickly, um, rather than subsequential CPU approach. That was, um, that's one of the questions. So there's another, there's a few questions on how they, how, how students generally don't see how, you know, these equations are embedded in the code. But, uh, I think, again, because of your tutorials now, um, I think you'll be able to see how it's an iterative cycle. Once you have the equation, you're asking the code to basically go in a loop to solve that, and then outspit the maximum value of something or the minimum value of something, right? Um, disadvantages of AI use in human development. Not really sure what that means, maybe it's like, you know, the use of AI. Yeah, I think maybe like, you know, how AI was used in human, you know, societies. Uh, I think it's more, it's less of a logical question. Um, it's more like an ethical and philosophical question. Um, AI, generally speaking, are just a bunch of mathematical equations, just like how you're solving physics or, or maths or whatever, right? It depends on the question you're asking it. So what are you trying to solve, is it medical data, is it like, you know, traffic data, is it climate, climate change, whatever it is, um. I think there's a, there's a lot of tattering to what you're trying to achieve here. Um, so that was all the questions received through this muddy cut. Uh, implementation from week 1. There's, there's also just a slight decline in question sets from week 2 and week 3. you know, week 2 we had, again, uh, supervised and supervised learning, and then with 3 we had the nearest neighbour, uh, question on how the distance is adjusted. Well, it's adjusted based on an inverse correlation. To the actual nearest neighbour. So if you remember, KNN was simply just the distance between your nearest neighbours. In the weighted version, you're inversing that you're biassing it, right? So, in a situation where you have different, uh, class examples, you might want to bias it, so then there is a lot more representation. OK, so I'll upload all this on canvas, I think it's already in there, um, but yeah, that, that's. What we have from the muddy cart. Any questions so far? No? OK. All right. Well, we'll start with today's lecture then. OK. So, what have we covered up to this point? Well, we've talked about how. Um, we have a CSV file, right, very often you're, you, you get a, um, numerical data, right, as a modality. Obviously, in the, in the, you know, in the multi-modal world you have sound data, you have visual data through images, videos and all that. That is all represented using numbers. And yes, you know, like a JPEG file will be uh some sort of compression, but nonetheless, each pixel can be represented. As a numerical piece, and so those numerical pieces are generally listed as columns in a flat file format like a CSV comma denominated uh separated values. So in each of those ones, you take a feature and then using those features, you're trying to make a prediction, right, you're trying to correlate that to an outcome. And that's basically how machine learning, the general idea of that. There's obviously various different equations involved, various different models, various different layups, um, into how you want to make that prediction, and so, um, we, we, we're going through that, you know, slowly each week. Uh, we talked about how to deal with missing datas, right, in situations where sometimes you will have a CSV, multiple roles, multiple columns, dimensions call it, there will be some missing values. Now those missing values, do you want to take the whole row out? Or do you want to fill those gaps with some sort of average? So we went through that last week. Um, there's also categorical data, where, you know, you have names of, say, suburbs or stations, you're then mapping it to some numerical value, because equations deals with numbers, not words. So we must translate that into some numerical value. Um, you don't want to put too many correlations or relationships between, The labels, right, categorical data may not actually have relationships with another category. So you can't just simply say, you know, apples are 1 and oranges are 2, and bananas are 3, because whilst that's a mapping, it's not actually representing the relationship, right? So what happens to 1.5 is that halfway between apple and orange. Right, so you don't want to have that cardinal value. Um, between those, those labels. So what we do is one hot in code. So basically we create a new label column and it's either 0 or 1, right? 1 being apple, 0 being not apple, right? 1 being um orange in the second column, and zero not being not orange. So that's how we deal with the encoding. Um, we talked about how we can measure the performance of classifiers, right, and basically the model accuracy. So remember how, There was this confusion table, right, confusion matrix that represents all the positive values, positively predicted values, uh, positively, negatively predicted values, right, and everything in between. And then based on those scorings, we can come up with accuracy, precision and F1 values, um, and then if you're burying the threshold, To each of those models, then you can create the ROC curve, the area under that curve is then determining how well your model or how precise your model may be, or how sensitive your model can be, right? Um, we talked about different training testing splits. So in some situations, you want a minimum of 60% training data. But because if you have limited data source, you could do some sort of intuitive or, uh, innovative approaches to rotating those training sets. So that's your CV cross validation approach, where you're taking a junk, uh, a chunk of your data set and breaking it up. So instead of going, you know, 1st 20% is, well, 1st 80% is your testing set, you then ferry that, so, you know. 80, 20, and then you rotate it by 10, and so your next block will be, you know, the next chunk and so forth. And the, the, the whole reason to that is just to minimise our overfeeding. So note that if you fit your data, if you fit your model to your data 100%, then you're mapping out all the noise and the signal. Which isn't desirable, right, because it cannot be generalised. If you want to generalise it, then you need to um make it less accurate in the mapping process. If it's all the way to the other side, right, and unfitting situation, then you don't actually get a model that can predict effectively. But there's a fine balance between them all. We talked about Ka nearest neighbour, um. Outputs can often be a hard or soft outputs. So we talked about how categorically you might want to say, OK, yes, it's, it's a, it's red, it's blue, right, it's very absolute, but nothing in life is absolute. So it's probably more realistic to say, well, the probability of it being red is 75%. Right, and the probability of it being. Blue is 25%, and therefore then, based on your percentage or your threshold, right, you can then now determine whether or not you should say it's red or blue, right, in the, in the normal nominal case, you want that threshold to be 50%. So anything more than 50% could be off one case, anything more less than that could be off the other case. But in certain situations, you might want to draw the threshold a bit higher. So, you know, with the 75, 25 um example, you could draw the threshold to be at 70%. So it's just over the threshold to be classed as red, right, and vice versa to be to be blue. So adjusting the threshold allows you to adjust how sensitive something is. Um, and in your tutorials, I think you will have went through all the psychic learn modules, um, the MAT lab plot modules, and the NumPy modules. So those should be quite, uh, self-explanatory. So this is recap of last week. And so, that brings us to this week. So this week we're gonna be talking about conditional probabilities, um. You know, specifically the base uh rules, right, why this is such a powerful um concept. I think up to this point, we've approached probability from a freakinous approach where you basically go, well, here's 100, here's a 100 potential outcome. And you know, I can count 20% of that, 20% is success or 80% is not, and so I can assign a 20% success as a probability of the outcome. But what happens in a world where you can't do repeat experiments, right? How do you assign probability to those? Right, you haven't seen all the possible outcomes and so you don't know what, what the, what the ratio could be, right? Think of this like earthquakes, right, earthquake predictions, how do they assign a value on, you know, this is gonna be like a 20% earthquake within the next year. Because of whatever. Have they seen millions of years of data including up to this point, or, you know, excluding this point, they may not have all that data. So this is where conditional probability becomes quite useful as a, as a framework to being able to uh derive the equations to then be able to make some sort of meaningful prediction based on limited observation. Um, We talk about classification, using, uh, conditional probabilities and maximising that is therefore then being able to predict what class something is, and maybe the regression, uh, approaches behind that as well. And then finally, we're talking about the Gaussian, uh, naive based approach, um, which is a very common and very effective and powerful classification tool. Um, and I, I think you'll have, Somewhat of a joy, if you can conceive of a of um example and then implement this, just to demonstrate the code-based works and that you can make some meaningful prediction from, from that. OK. So probability of repeated observation. Now as I saw previously hinted just then. In a situation where you can count the number of times something happened. Right, and enough of it so then it's representative, you can simply denote that, you know, success observation over the total number of times of of occurrences. So think about, You know, die toss it. You have a pair of dies, you can roll the numbers, you, you know there's um 6 sites to dies, and so, and so you can assign a probability of that one, if it's a fair dies, that is, 1 out of 6 is of a certain number. You can derive that 1 out of 6 probability. By not knowing what the dice is and just keep tossing it, like, say toss it 100 times, right? Within the 100 times, you will come up to, you know, if you map out all the values and the outcome, you'll probably get to a point where it's quite close to 1 hour 6 being each of those numbers. You could even do this without, you know, for dies that is not a fair die. So there's a weighted loaded die, um, you could toss it, you know, 1000 times, and then determine, What the sites and the ratios are. And so this, this pro population, uh, this approach to deriving a probability uh ratio is for repeated observation. So here we have an example, again, it's you waiting for a bus 100 times, 60 of those times it came within 10 minutes, therefore you get a 60% accuracy or chance of it arriving within 10 minutes. Now if you do this long enough, you'll arrive to a very um. Accurate, right? A, a very, uh, accurate, um, probability of what it should be. So using that, that dye example, if you do it 10 times, you might, you might get some uneven value, right, which is not 1/6. It could be, could be more closer to, to any number that's not that number. Um, but if you do it a million times, then I'm pretty sure for fair die anyway, uh, you will get 1/6. Uh, as a ratio. And so This is uh this is basically saying probability defined using limits. As N approaches to infinity, you get really close to the, the ideal probability of that scenario, right? So this is long run frequency, the law of large numbers basically determines this. Now obviously I've kind of hinting that for a situation where you have very limited observation. That, that sort of approach really breaks down, right, because if you don't get enough of those observation, then how do you determine the absolute um ratio of, of things. So this brings us to a different thought experiment, which is for non-repeating experiments. Right, so what happens when we cannot measure everything? Well, it comes down to a few assumed knowledge, right? You could either describe your system based on your, your, uh, understanding of that system, so if I give you a piece, a dye, right, you're not, you're not sure if it's a loaded die or a fair dye, you can still see how many sites it is, right, you can then say, OK, well, maybe I can measure each of those loaded sections and determine an equation, um. And then sort of like, you know, postulate what would be the outcome if I were to keep tossing this and the, the, the site faces up and so forth. So that's your very physics approach, right? You can look at a system, you can determine the equations, you can do a bunch of calculations with your knowledge of the system. You could also empirically look at the data, which is what we just described, plus it 100 times, and just statistically speaking, right, count the number of occurrences and then presume some ratio. But there's also this third approach, which is what we call basin approach. Is that, you assume that it is some value, and then based on each of those, you know, uh experiments, addition to that original, Um, probability assumption, you update your system. So you can assume each of those dye is like, you know. I don't know, like 1/6, maybe not 16, maybe we call it a four-sided die, maybe like a five-sided die, right? And so it's 1/5, but maybe it's not 1/5 5th, right? It could be more like one side's loaded, so one side's 1/6 and so forth. Whatever it is, right? You toss it once and then you update your information about that system. And so this is a very effective way of, Basically dealing with the world, right, in fact, you all do it intuitively, right, say for example, on day one, going to uni. You go to the bus stop and you wait for the bus. Right, first time you do it. Um, maybe, maybe, you know, the bus comes slightly late, and then next time you're like, OK, well I'll, I'll maybe come earlier, right, and you're adjusting your outcome, your input to the situation. And so, you know, the next day, you, you see the bus coming slightly earlier, slightly later, and so forth, and after 10 times, you kind of know roughly what time to be at the bus stop to get on that bus, right, so it's continuously updating. Um, And you know, how do we formally represent this? And this is what we're gonna go through today. So does the probability change as we observe more outcomes? Well, it should, your understanding of that system should change, if anything. Right, um, your, your understanding or like how confident you are of that system should change because you've seen it 100 times, you've seen it a million times, right, therefore you know this is within the range, and that confidence interval captures everything. OK. So in order to sort of really understand this whole process, we should go through a few key axioms, right, these are core principles, these are core sort of laws um that a lot of the other equations can be derived from. And so in probability, there's 3 key axioms. Um, that determines how things are, how things should be. The first one is normalisation axiom which is basically the probability of all sample space, right, omega here, capital omega is representing all possible possibilities, right? It's a sample space. It has to equal to one, meaning that. Basically anything that can happen, right, if you sum up all the possible outcomes of things, they should all add up to a probability of one, right? And that's just basically it it's kind of trivial, right? It's basically saying that. You know, What can happen can happen, what cannot happen. We'll never be in the space, um, but you can imagine what you cannot conceive is simply maybe just a lack of understanding on how you see that probability space, right? The second one is non-negative, non-negativity. Which is the probability of any event A. Must be able to, must have a probability of more than 0, but less than 1. Right, so the worst case that can happen is a zero probability. OK, never happening like at all. Again, it sounds trivial, but you'll see how all this sort of adds up in the, in the very end. And then finally, you have the additivity, which is Event A and B. Right, given that it's a disjoint event, so whatever that happens in event A cannot simultaneously be defined as happening for event B. Right, so you can represent the two possible events in this sample space as two circles that are disjointed, or simply mutually exclusive. So, you know, what's the chance of people sitting in all these chairs here? Right, well, if someone's sitting in this chair, they can't simultaneously be sitting in that chair. Right, so those two events are going to be disjointed. And so from this point, you know what. Probability of A or B happening is simply the probability of. Event A Plus probability of event B. So what's the chance of those two chairs, you know, either of those chairs being filled, right, using that example just then. Well, it's the probability of this chair being filled, plus that chair being filled. So if you sum, you know, the, the whole lecture hall as probabilities of, you know, each of the chairs being filled, well, the sum of everything, right, meaning that what is the chance of each of these chairs being filled. By people is simply just the one over however many spaces there is here, um, you know, as a summative formulation. And this is only happening if it's a a. Yeah, if, if A and B are mutually exclusive. OK, it doesn't include what can happen for both situations. Right, which is the very final case. So using this overlapping Venn diagram, you can see what we're talking about. For event A to happen and even B to happen where they're both mutually exclusive, they're separate circle, right, quite, quite trivial. What can happen for both A and B, so for example, what's the chance of you wearing blue today and the fact that you're seated in this chair, right? Well, they're not mutually exclusive, you could sit in this chair and be wearing green, pink, purple. You know, shirt or whatever. But you can have both situation both conditions actually being met as well. So that's mutually non-exclusive. And in that case, it's simply the over the intersect between those two men. Then you have A or B, which is that to chance situations, so if a person comes in, what's the probability of them sitting in any of those spaces? Well, it's just the, the summation of this probability. And the final case is more tricky, which is this conditional probability. What is the chance of this happening given that, OK, so what's the chance of. You're sitting in this chair, given that you're wearing blue or something, right, it's not a good mapping of it, um. But you know it is conditional on it, so for example, if there's only one space there, what's the chance of someone coming late and then sitting in that chair? Right. So the probability of independent events. That are events that do not influence each other, OK, so. You can imagine two events, A and B, that are independent. Given that you know knowledge of event A, it does not influence event B. So using a uh deck of cards for example. If I were to draw, if I were to draw the next card and I go, you know, uh uh. King of hearts or something, or a king, right, if, if I tell you the next card is a is a it's a, it's a king card, right? That's 1 in 13 chance, but it doesn't actually give you more information as to which suit it is. Right, because the suit it could still be 1 out of 4. And so that's a very clear example of. The two independent events, the suit, and then also the, the, the number on the, on the uh on the actual club on the. What do you call it the Yeah, the, the number, right? So these two events are independent. And so Can you make some sort of assumption? Um, whether or not. You know, if I draw one card, I can determine what the other suit is. Well, not necessarily, right? So whether or not we know the cut of an ace, the probability of it being a spade remains 1 out of 4, meaning that A and B are independent. This independency is quite important because very seldom do you see the real world where you capture the different dimensions and the features are actually being independent. Right, more or less they're quite correlated, but you just don't know the correlation. You don't know how each of those are influencing each other. But nonetheless, right, in order for the formulations to work, there is a certain base assumption that you have to assume that it is independent. The independency actually makes the computer a lot easier because you assume there's no correlation, therefore you can approach it with some rudimentary and hence the naive phase, the naive bit, right, there's a certain naivety. Um, in, in the assumption of the system. Um, And yeah, like it it without, without that soft premise, then a lot of the maths will not work. So here, knowing that the 1st 3 flips were heads, does not change the probability of the 4th 1, right? Again, this is a demonstration of the independence. Flipping coins, a sequence of coins, right? Not that you're gonna flip a head and then the next one's gonna be a tail, right? Because then you can just stack up the, the odds saying, well, since I flipped 4 coins being heads, the last, the next one must be a tail. Right. Does anyone go to like the casino? Just, just out of curiosity? Yeah. No. OK, alright, well, don't start. But nonetheless, right, a lot of probability, um, came from that world. So if you ever do go, right, you'll notice that there's always these gamblers, right, trying to mark down numbers like in a background, right, they somehow thinks that things are correlated, but it's not really, is it? You know, they go red, red, red, and then they think the next one must be black. Right, there is actually no logic to that. But it's a superstitious thing, right? You know, they go, oh well, it must be like after 5 reds, it has to be black cause the law of large numbers dictates that it's an even, even split, right, for a, for a blackjack, so, well, not blackjack, baccarat gang in a way. But again, there's no guarantee. So that's one of the fallacies that people often make, right, that things that aren't correlated or aren't dependent on each other, they make it as such it is. Alright, so this is a. This is an interesting one. So the, the question is, here's a trivia question, can mutually exclusive events be independent? If you think about it, right? The mutually exclusive events are the two events, A and B, not overlapping each other. And they'd be independent. Well, I think it's only under certain situations they are, right, um. But basically, you know, you can, you can go and think about that because, you know, telling you distributor doesn't actually help you. Understand the, the situation. But go off and, and see, see what that is and come back with an answer next week. Now if you look at For those two, so what we talked about here is probability of independent events. So what happens to the probability of two independent events, right? The joint probability of something happening. It's not the same as the overlapping ones, right, where both can happen is, You know, separate. What can happen here and can happen there. Right, now the, the likelihood of two events happening together. Right, given that there's an independent event. Will be denoted as event probability of A times probability of B. So the probability of A and B in this case equals to probability of likely of A times likely of B. Which is the probability of both A and B occurring at the same time, and this means that the independent events, the joint probability is simply the product. It is not the summation of the things, it is the product of. So what's the chance of raining, raining and. That, you know, the bus is late. Well that's a bad example actually because very often, you know, the, the weather condition is coupled to, to the traffic condition, so that's not an independent event. So like for example if you draw a car off of, you know. From, from the deck, right, 52 cards, you go, draw a card, what's the chance of that being, uh, of hearts or something, and that it rains outside as well. Well it's simply the multiplication of the two events happening. Right, maybe 1 in 4 chance of it raining today, and then there's a 1 in 52 chance of you drawing the cart, the multiplication of those two is the likelihood of you drawing that and then looking out it's raining, right? So here, here's a, here's a some more closer to heart example. If you use a coin toss, right, what's the chance of getting heads in the first flip and then getting heads again in the second flip? Well it's a 1 in 4 chance, right? So all your, all your casino card games, all your casino sort of, um, odds, right, tossing the die, there's the sick bow, right, if everyone, people know of that game is really 3 dies and then you, Kind of toss it and then you could either get 666 or you know. Two ones or, you know, big or small, being less than or more than um 15 or something, right, that's a, that's a game of independent events, each of the day. And then the chances of things happening, the outcome. So that's what caught a joint probability of events happening. And then finally, right, remember the very first diagram I had the, the Venn diagram, the two circles not being overlapping and then overlapping and then the, the shading of all the circles within that, and then you also have this very final situation. Where it's conditional probability of events. So, this is also known as, you know, probability of dependent events. What is the chance of this happening and then that happening? So using my example of cloudy day, what's the chance of the bus coming late? Well, it depends if it rains, right? If one event is coupled to another event, Then you know how to perhaps calculate the likelihood of that other event, right, which is what you want, so there's a sequence of events, where you don't know the final probability of something, but maybe you know the stack up of those, Conditions, and so that's, that's the premise of what you're trying to, um, You know, use in terms of calculating the final probability of that event. Alright, so, For events that are dependent on each other, right, for example, the probability of it raining later, given that it is raining now. The probability of the next event changes based on how the first event influences it. So if it's not raining now, what's the chance of the next 10 minutes raining? Probably slightly lower, but if it's raining right now, then 10 minutes later and it still rains, then it's higher, right? It's kinda um easy to to conceive that. So the probability, the conditional probability allows you to update what your understanding of that situation is. Right, given that if I look out and it's not raining now, I can estimate that the chance of it raining later lowers, so I don't properly, I don't have to bring an umbrella. Right, and the way we read this is, I think we talked about this last time, which is given a certain event, given that event B has occurred, what's the probability of, A current. OK. So here's the notation to it, and you can see. A occurring, right? A given B. Probably that a given B is the, the first notation there, right? Um, and then you have basically ANB, the probability of both occurring over just the marginal probability of um, Event B. So to put some concrete examples around this, right. Is this a table, like, So, um, let event A be raining in 10 minutes' time. And let B, event B, be raining now. Now, suppose we make the following observation over 10 days, right, so empirically, we're trying to derive the probability of each of those events, right, event A and B. And you can see If we were to try and understand this, we must look at all the situations where condition B is fulfilled. So I've highlighted all the sections where, you know, the, the, the raining is raining, so raining now, right, you've got 2466 out of those 10 days being raining now. And in all those situations. There's only 4 of those days that would be raining 10 minutes from that point. So, that's event A. The question is, what is the probability of Event A have been conditioned on event B. So it's almost like going backwards, isn't it? It's going backwards where instead of going, well, what what what's the chance of, You know, it's raining 10 minutes from now, you don't know that, but what you do know is what's the chance of its raining now. And so you go through this analysis, and then you can see. I can actually derive this to be 2 out of 3 chance um that event A happens, condition on event B. OK. Bit confusing for now, I think. So if I were to ask you a question on what's the chance of winning a lotto ticket, a Powerball ticket? Well, you have to pick 8 numbers. From 1 to 35. And so effectively, there's only one winning draw in all the permutations or all the combinations of numbers, right? And so you can derive the probability of winning, which is event A. It'd be one out of the combination, combinatorial factorial of 1 to 35, right, without replacing the numbers. OK, so since there's only one combination of the winners, That that that's it, the first equation is really a chance. But then as time goes on, as the numbers starts drawing out, you, you get a 2 and you match that, you get a 6, you match that, you get a 15, you match that. You want to understand that each of those time points, how your probability changes. Right? It's quite an interesting, you know, game. You, you just, you got a bunch of tickets. And as the number comes through, you're like, Oh, look, I, I got this number. So does my odds increase? Well, the answer is yes, your odds do increase in a, in sort of a perceived manner, right? Because at the end of the day, you only have 1 in 135, uh, chance of winning. But at least moving to that point, You, your, your odds are improving. Now obviously if you don't get any of the other numbers, your odds just drops to 0. You don't win any. But given this scenario of event B, which is numbers being drawn and you get 26, and 15. How, how does the art changes? Right. And the odds changes instead of one, instead of needing one combination. All you now need to do is match the other 5 numbers. For the remaining from the remaining 32, and so your odds actually improves as time goes on, until obviously you drop to 0 and then you realise, oh, you know, you don't win anything. So, this is the, the power of the updating aspect, right, so previously I've hinted, you can count number of occurrences, you know, and there's a fixed number at the beginning of all this experiment that you know this is likelihood. In this scenario, is the likelihood actually changes as time goes on with new information. Right? And so how does this translate to machine learning? Obviously, you know, you could train your data set. And then you can feed it with new information, and those information will change the odds of your machine learning model to then tell you or predict a so with higher accuracy of certain outputs. And you can see how this correlates quite well. Right. But knowing B doesn't change the probability of A. Because A and B is independent, right? Getting more numbers does not actually improve your odds on the winning ticket. The winning tickets still one in however many millions combination. But at least the, the odds leading up to that changes as time goes on. OK, so is your understanding of the system that that's what makes a difference. So all this actually came along because of this guy Thomas Day, um, you know, I think he's a mock, and at one point he was basically asking this very simple question of like, Can I know where Something like, so, so he blindfolds himself, he asks his mate to chuck balls at something, right, he puts a ball on the table, and then he blindfolds himself, turns back to the ball, asks his mate to chuck balls at it, and then report back to him whether or not it's on the left side or the right side of that target. And so over time, he actually come to a um well like the first time he does it is like on the left side, and then next time he does it, it's like oh it's too much on the left, and so forth. And with each of those reporting, he was able to then, Postuate or speculate where that target was based on, you know, how the balls are landing. This is actually quite interesting, right? Think about it, because you're deriving new information off the system without knowing anything about it by the interaction it has with new information. OK. So then he came up with this formula, um, which is the conditional probability, and he goes, conditional probability describes the probability of event A occurring given that event B has already occurred. It's the same, it's the same equation as before. And since joint probability is symmetrical, right, or symmetric, yep, so you can, you can basically say A and B, the probability of A and B happening, it's the same as B and A, right, trivial definition. You can replace the top bit with this new equation and rearrange it. And so what you end up is this Bay theorem right here. Right. So, probability of A given B is really the same as the probability of B given A. Times the marginal probability of likelihood of A over the likelihood of B. OK. So what we are typically interested in in is what is the probability of A. But we don't often get to know that, so we have to go backwards, right, what we do know is probability of B. Given a And then we can do this multiplication, we can do this manipulation. Yeah, you can see in a few slides how this directly maps into machine learning, right? Because we want to know the outcome of something. But we don't know the outcome of something, we know the features, right, each of the dimensions. Right, we have that from the training set. So we can do this reversal and go, given the Features, right, the occurrences of features, right, each of those columns in your, in your CSV we can now determine, right, what, what is the most likelihood outcome, OK. Which is very useful, yeah, it's knowing. OK, so. So we'll we'll, we'll hold this thought for now, right, we'll go into the scenario where. If we can count events as, as before, right, events being either 1234, some countable events, we can represent them. By either counting or some general function. Now, if you use heads and tails as coin flips as an example, you very often can represent that um probability, right, all the possible outcomes in the distribution. Right, and that distribution can be rewritten as a um it's a geometric distribution. And so the general formula is listed there. It's like a binomial equation, right? One can happen, the other can happen. You do a multiplication of that, and then you have 4 events where, you know, that you could have both heads, one head and tail, one tail and head, and then 2. Fails, right, you do 3 times, 4 times, 5 times, and then generalise it, if you do it in times, how would that distribution occur? Right, so that's what a distribution of outcomes is talking about. Now, strictly speaking. If you're, if you're trying to remap all the possible outcomes in the sample space to some sort of number, right, you need something called a random variable function. Right, random variable being. The events are, the events are random, the mapping of it is not. And so strictly speaking, uh, a random variable is a mapping from a sample space. Remember that little Venn diagram where there's a box and there's event A and B. You're trying to map that into some sort of real number line, right? And obviously you can imagine how conceptually difficult this is, right, all the possible combination of things, right, that you can either think of or you can, You have not thought of, right, being mapped to some numerical distribution, where you can say, OK, well, the likelihood of this happening is therefore 60% or 0.0009% or some other value, right? Um, So how do you generally do this? Right, this is really a question, and fortunately, you know, we have something called a distribution. Right, this is the probability distribution of events. Now, we typically, and we've heard us talk about it, um, many times in various different units as well. Normal distribution is what typically happens. But understand in, in, I think in week 1 or week 2, we went through, it's also other probability distribution. OK. For discrete events, right, things that we can count, we use something called a probability mass function, right, where it's almost, you know, quantize or it, right, there's a quantization to that. Before events that are continuous, right, we, we use a different, um, terminology called density function, very much like a mass density, right? So if you, if you want to look at what's the density of, of a piece of, uh, steel bar, you can do the, you can do a cut for each of them and then times the weight, right, for each of those sections, sum them all up, you get a density function. So here's a, here's a listing, I think in week 1 or 2, I put up a chart, right, showing different curves and whatnot. Um, it's just a numerical function of that, you don't need to worry too much about it, just know that they exist. Um, In most cases, You can use a normal distribution to represent everything. But in certain situations, right, that is not. Precisely enough. So for events like people coming into a shop, right, a time event. Right, uh, person distribution is actually much more accurate in describing random independent events. Where there's a trickling factor coming in, right. Why is this important and powerful is that instead of being able to pluck those numbers that you saw two slides ago, Right, as actual numerical numbers, you can plug in the whole distribution and then postulate. How your final probability of outcome is being described by that properly, um by that distribution. OK, so That is a very interesting approach to solving the probability, instead of saying events happening. You're saying what's the likelihood of an event happening, and then using that likelihood distribution as a way to plug into this formula, you then get a likelihood of the outcome. Now if you look at the apple, oranges, examples that we talked about, you know. It doesn't sound like it makes a lot of sense because you know, I give you an apple, it's either tasty or not tasty or not yet tasty or whatever, right, it's 3 classes. You know, why do I have to have a distribution of, But you want some sort of confidence interval in that, in that analysis. You want to be able to say, Um, you know, with certainty that this apple is tasty. Right, 60% of the time. You can then vary that that threshold, right, record that. So there's many parameters now you can play with, if you were to then, Give um some sort of confidence in your prediction. So, let's look at, let's put them all together. Right, a Bayesian approach to probability. Is where Instead of plugging in the events, right, you're assuming that certain events happens that are independent of each other, right, and that reversing this using the Bay theorem. You could then extrapolate what's the likelihood of an outcome based on those features that you see. Right, so if you think about using your phone, right, the facial recognition feature. What's the likelihood of the person swiping the phone is the real authorised user? Well, it depends, it depends. Like, it depends on the original, um, assumption. The assumption could be, you know, a non-zero value, but a very low value that this is the right person. But as you scan it, it's gonna get all the features like your eyes, your nose, your mouth, whatever. It goes into the machine, does some compute. And because it's looking for certain features, it updates the probability, right, it sees your eyes being in the right place, the spacing between your pupils, you know, the spacing between your eyes and your nose and your mouth, and as each of those compute comes along, it updates the probability and then eventually goes, yup, this is the right person, and unlocked. Right, so you can see how that translates into the the self iterative process in your, in your um prediction model. For a continuous event, instead of, instead of counting occurrences, we're using probability functions. The Gaussian approach is a, is a very common one. In fact, when you go into SIT, I learn, the library that you pull out, right, there's a function called GNB, right? Gaussian naive base. The assumption it makes is that it is a Gaussian distribution. Right, so that's maybe a gross assumption, it may not always apply to the system. But you know, in most cases it could work. If you're in a more advanced scenario where you want to explain how things work and, um, perhaps a better mapping of the real world situation, you may have to go into the library and actually, instead of using the library equations, you would say, well, I will assume this first condition is of this distribution. The second feature will be of this other distribution, and then do the, do the calculation manually that way. OK? And so these two equations, the same thing, obviously, one being discrete events, one being continuous events, allows us to describe uncertain events mathematically and estimate the probability, right? And we can continuously update the understanding of event A condition on. Event B is happy. OK. So I briefly already hinted this, how this directly translates to machine learning, you can imagine you get a CSV file, it's got multiple roles, you've got features 123, until end, and you'll try to predict label Y. In a supervised environment, you already have that mapped out. Apples are red, apples are between certain weights, uh, apples have certain size, therefore the label is either tasty not tasty, right? But using this, we can basically go, OK, well, should, should the apple be tasty? Well, we see red, OK, is it that red, is it this red? Which one is it? Condition on the retinas, the updates of it being more tasty or being, you know, likelihood of being tasty goes up or down. And then the fact that you see a certain size, being of a certain class, you know, the, the likelihood goes up and down. And so forth. So intuitively it sort of makes sense, this mathematically is a bit more complex than, you know, intuition. Um, but you can see there's a, there's a numerator and a denominator, right? And when you're trying to make the prediction, you're actually trying to get just the numerator as the maximum likelihood of events. So I already hinted that, you know, in a training process, you have two phases. You've got the training, right, say 200 row, you take 80% of that, you use it to train, right? And once you determine the model, you fix it in place, right, that's your thigh here, that's your, that's your theatre, right? So there was a question in the money cart, in which one we used this generalised notation, what is theatre? And theatre is basically, The mathematical formulation, right, which is the model. And you're trying to maximise that, you're trying to maximise the likelihood of that theatre giving you a parameter. And then in the generalised approach, right, so once you've trained your data set, you train your model, sorry, from the data, right, determine the, the parameters of data, you then use it to predict. And at that point, that's when you're trying to find the, the maximum likelihood of um. The features. OK. So remember, we're trying to predict how tasty an apple is. Right, we're trying to predict this by first looking at the different features, retinas, weight, size. Once we've understood how, OK, generally, you know, the maximum size possible, but not too, not too big of an apple, but the redness is, you know, not the reddest, not the, you know, least red, right, gives you the taste this apple. Once we know those conditions, We go backwards and go, well, given those items, what's the likelihood of, of the final apple being tasty? And so the mathematical equations to finding that backwards is basically this arcmax function that you're using. Right. So, what I forgot to really say is there is a prior probability likelihood, right, which is this probability of C. So if you recall two slides back. Right, you've got this PA PA is your uh prior knowledge. It's your prior probability. And this other one is your posterior, which is after the fact. So, you're constantly updating your knowledge of the event by using the knowledge of the event at the beginning, at some point, update it with new information, and then your posterior is really what you're now settling in. For each iteration, you then plug this thing back in and then do it again. Right, obviously in the machine, in a, in a coding sense this automatically happens with the iteration functions, but um, Effectively this is how you compute. Um, And so you can see the predicted class, right? In this case, it is a classifier, right? It's, it's like, you know, using the apple again. It's either tasty, not tasty, not yet ready or whatever, right? You've got your understanding, you've got your different features, right, labelled as X1 to XN. All right. And then the condition on that plus, either taste or not, condition on those features. And the maximum likelihood of that is your arc max, right, which then gives you the cla classification. And so using this formula, right, again, these are, these are directly pulled out from the library. You don't really need to codify this, but just understand when you pull the library, this is the iteration it goes through. It first trains it based on the split, then it predicts this other thing, then it pulls out the parameters that gives you the most likelihood of something happening, and then it spits out a number, right, or a class to tell you, yes, it's tasty, not, it's not tasty. But behind that, you're right, you can use the other, you can use the other syntax um method to pull out the actual probability, right, it's 0.6%, 0 sorry, it's like 60%, it's tasty, 40% not tasty. And so that's your confidence of the prediction. Using this equation, the predicted class therefore is one that maximises the likelihood, the product of likelihood and prior probability, OK. So how training, how the training data actually reduces the complexity of events. Now if you were to just to um without training data, you will need to guesstimate or need to estimate some sort of function. But because, you know, like if you don't have any prior knowledge to the system, how, how do you even, where do you even start? That's why training data or the training approach. Reduces the complexity greatly. Because based on what you can see in the collect data. You can now plot this to get a distribution, right, and you could use and assume that the distribution is a Gaussian normal distribution. And from that, you can parameterize the whole distribution using these 22 parameters, which are, you know, your, your means and your fairiness. So as you know, that's an exponential, um, that, that's a normal distribution function that centres around a note, which is your mean, and then from that you have your variants, so how widely something spreads. Right. So using just two parameters, you can define the whole set, and if you have multiple features, you can imagine each of those features, there's a distribution for each of them. The multiplication of that, right, would now be able to describe in full, right? At, at least if you're finding the maximum point of this distribution, what's the likelihood of something happening? There's a certain assumption here that. Each of those distribution is independent of each other, right, hence the naive face, the naive part, right? I think this is a If you move on to next, well. Let me just go Right, so, if I just skip ahead, I think this will actually make a lot of sense. If you assume, right, so here's an example, right, and I actually have this in a pie script, I'll upload as well. Um, assuming 500 rows of historical data, so using the empirical approach, you have collected the data of people coming into a store and then people who are buying, and the average sales amount. Based on those two parameters, now obviously here you can already see there's an issue because people coming in and people buying are correlated. It's not independent, they're actually dependent. But in most cases, if you assume there's an independency between each of them, the model works good enough to give you this um this sort of um prediction. But nonetheless, right, if you just go, count the number of people walking right on the street, count the people walking into the shop. Right, count the number between every hour, say for example, the, the people buying, and then the average sales price. So just think about, You know, Lululemon or something, right? There's one in Wynyard, right? There's people walking through the station, Wynyard station, they can do the count. They can go, OK, with the percentage of people coming into the store, they can do that every hour. They can go, All right, well, people look around, people buy stuff, people don't buy stuff. And then what's the average price they, they, they purchase? They've got 500 rows of this information. Now the prediction here, the model requires you to predict how many staff I need to staff on that day at different hours to try and surf the, the store, so then. People don't have to wait too long, right, very sensible questions there. It depends on what's the revenue and and potentially can you afford those stuff. Now, from these 3 different features, we, we can parameterize them, right? Uh, with a distribution, and you can see I've basically generated this information that you have customer walking in, uh, ranging, say, number of customers per hour. A number of um. Customer buying things, and then the sales amount. Each of them can be described in a normal distribution of some sort so. You plug that into the formula, right, and so if you assume you have a data frame with those information already. You wanna, you wanna come up with a classing system, right? You train your data set. Right, and you split that with a with an 80/20, right, test is only 20%, you split that. You do a naive based um model, training, you fit that, you then be able to predict using new information. And you can see how, how everything works, right? So assuming that in for the last 10 hours, you do this mapping. And on the 11th hour, you provide it with some new information. This model should now be able to predict whether or not the, um, you know, the next hour based on those numbers is gonna be high sales, low sales, or medium sales. Right, so that's a tangible outcome of what we just talked about in the last hour and a bit. Right. And so you can play around with this and, and tinker with it, literally, um, and see what you get. So we go back a bit, right, this is just another example, instead of a continuous, um. Sampling, right, or prediction of the sales number, you could do a classifier, um, using the same approach, because remember, if we don't describe the situation using a probability density function, we use a probability mass function, then we can still use this same approach to do classification based on different classes instead of a continuous output. So, you know, similar situation, assume that you have a data set of 500 samples, you've got 200 of them belonging to class 1 or class 0, right, and 300 belonging to class 1. These are label datas, obviously, right? You have the prior probability of 0.4 and 0.6 respectively, because it's simply 200 out of 500, right, being plus 0 and 300 out of 500 being plus 1. You have that prior prior knowledge. You compute the means and variants of each of those features, and in this case there's only sort of two features, X1 and X2. Yeah, you parameterize them, and then you feed it with some unseen data, right? And then from that point. You train. Sorry, I mean, you train based on what you have. You have the boundary conditions, right? And you can see how shaded the, the colours just to illustrate how there's a, there's a certain condition, um, or decision condition, right? The red ones are, any dots that in, is in the red area will be classed as red, which is class one. And then for blue it's lustre. And then from that point, the system should actually be able to update itself. Um, with every sort of iteration of information coming in. If you want to make the, the model dynamic and stuff fixed. OK, so there's some, there's some nuance there. But you can kind of generally see how all this applies to each other, right? Um, and what you really wanted to do is train the system to be able to tell you, There's a boundary condition here, and that if you display this properly, you can see and visualise that. OK, so, um, examples, yeah, we've talked about how using the sales data, um, Limitations, right, so what I just presented there. There's an assumption, there's an assumption that each of those features are independent, which is not. People walking in and people buying are correlated, it's probably the same person, right, it has to be a subset of the other one. Um, they can't just pop out somewhere, right? Um, The distribution of people coming in, generally are not well represented by Gaussian distribution, right, those kind of type events should actually be represented using a person distribution. Um, number of people making purchases is a binomial distribution depending on the count. Uh, the sales amount though, are normally distributed. So after 3, there's actually one sort of correctly described distribution of events, which is the sales number. Um, so, you know, with this, there's a, there's a certain gross assumption that needs to be baked in, and we kind of expect you to be able to explain your model in your project. So, you know, moving forward, when you go into your project work. You find a bunch of problems and then you go and grab a bunch of data, and from those you derive your models, but then there's a certain assumption that are inherent in your in your thinking process. We want you to be able to detail that in your report. OK, it's not good enough to just say, Mo, Model B works the best in describing the theme because it gives you a high accuracy number. We want to know what's the limitation. Right, if you were to do more on this, how would you do it differently? Right, and that's really the analysis and the, and your job as an engineer in this whole work is supposed to provide value to. So here you can then see, you know, using this as an example, um, we came up with the boundary conditions, um, to then make predictions and then from that, you know, it's quick interpretable classification on, on at what hour, right? Um, the sales will go up because of foot traffic and, and general people buying things. So we kind of already talked about how there are different ways of representing things uh PMF right? uh probability mass function and probability distribution function, um, you know, uh, just different ways of representation, so you can, you can have a play around with that. I think this will all come together in your um tutorial this week when we actually go into some of the data set, um, and then play around with with making this model and you can tune the parameters. OK, so I think. Yeah. We talked a bit about how to just pull this directly out from, from the Python libraries, right? So PyitLearn actually has this naive base, um, library, and you just simply put your data sets, split them up, or clean it first, do the pre-processing, clean it, split that, train your model, fit train, and then predict. And you can actually split out the probability score instead of the actual class if you want, and then you can uh test how accurate by different training methods and um thresholds and so forth. OK, so the top is how you utilise the library. The bottom section of the code is simply just the display of the accuracy of this model. OK. So I think you've done this, um, a few times now. Shouldn't be too hot. OK, as a recap, as a recap, so we've introduced the concept of conditional probability, um, through a bunch of axiom definitions. We've talked about the joint probability, um, of events. So independent events, what's the chance of them both happening at the same time? Simply the multiplication of that, if it's mutually exclusive, then it is the summation of those events. The person in in classroom here, sits at this seat, they cannot sit at that seat. What's the chance of both seats being filled? Well, you know, it's either or. Um, The conditional probability of something, so. Um, there is a correlation of given something happening, what's the chance of the other thing happening? OK. So, so there's a range of uh. Conditions Independency, mutually exclusive events, we talked about that. Random variable as a function to map. The real space of outcomes to a numerical space, right, and this is now, Can then be parameterized uh in a soft distribution function. You've got discrete events distributions, you've got continuous event distributions. The maximum likelihood of something happening is really just the peak of those distributions, right, as we kinda. So I really understand it intuitively anyway, um. And then the machine learning approach to how all this translates into a GNB right, method. Uh, there's a certain baked in assumption that there's independencies, but nonetheless, even though it's not truly representative of the real world, it's good enough to do, um, most of the calculation and it handles the mathematics well, right? It allows you to compute this, um, outcome with enough precision, right, within a given amount of time. So that's really the key here, is out of practicality, To assume something is independent even though they're not. Right, so bear that in mind. And then moving forward, obviously you're not required to codify or write your own equation, you're simply required to pull them out from the um psychic learn library. But there is that assumption that everything is a Gaussian distribution, and that's not always the case. So with that, um, that concludes this week's lecture. Do we have any questions? I know it's like a really rough and quick through, uh, put off, you know, the whole probability segment, but, I think all this comes together in your tutorial, when you're playing around with the data set, playing around with the actual parameters, and just bear in mind every time you spit out something, remind yourself where you're in that whole pipeline, right? Add more complexity as you go on, and then try to use a generative AI chat GPT. You try and answer your own questions, right? You could put in some of these slides, right? You can screenshot them, chuck it in, and then go, ask it the question, you know, role play as this engineer, am I understanding this correctly? If I have XYZ, does this mean blah blah blah, right? And I think it's this dynamic interaction with the knowledge that actually gives you a better understanding on what you're dealing with right now. OK, any questions? Everyone did OK with the quiz? I assume? No, yes, Easy. Alright, there's another one coming along next week, so, so, you know, every 2 weeks we'll have a quiz, but, um, I assume everyone will have formed their teams by now, at least you put your names into the canvas. Um, we have tutors renaming those groupings, so just make sure that you're like tutorial A, you know, tutorial 1. Free or something, check your name, um, yeah, have fun,

SPEAKER 1
cool. Yeah.

SPEAKER 0
Yeah. It's like, you know, the Gaussian distribution.

SPEAKER 1
Like, like the one that had middle.

SPEAKER 0
So the, the most common one is this normal distribution, which also is known as Gaussian distribution. There's other parameters that shakes the shape of it instead

SPEAKER 1
of like doing this, whatever.

SPEAKER 0
This, the really sharpness of it. It's just different ways of like there's different parameters. The calculation of You just plug that in, you start like giving a number into the formulation. You plug in the whole formula. So like when you're describing the formula, there's only two terms you need to, which is the mean and. But very often like in the back end when you

SPEAKER 1
pull this from the library, it does the first compute

SPEAKER 0
and go look through all the robes, what's that, doesn't plot it because computers doesn't. But then it comes out with, OK, well, he's the mean of something, he's the fairy something. They use this to then compute the mix. And all that sort of stacked up and then get this number, this number is the probability of. You know, given this new line of condition, what's the chance of that being certain plants? Oh, right. Random variable Me At the table of You don't need

SPEAKER 1
to No But when you see that in the post,

SPEAKER 0
you know that oh right this is.

SPEAKER 1
What we pays a bit of, I mean it will be useful to go so this is the parameter.

SPEAKER 0
Most cases, the Gaus. I don't think they are like niche.

SPEAKER 1
That I think there's Asking for output.

SPEAKER 0
Know I think it's like quizzing on the nuances of. I think the quiz is 234.

SPEAKER 1
That that's not syntax.

SPEAKER 0
Generally if you're if you're like doing the coding of. You will have Some some very typical some places will be like, oh you do mind.

SPEAKER 1
I so many like abstraction questions. I My question Yeah, it's it's really pretty. The American lives how you have Sample say may not There's all the possibilities And somehow you need to represent this. The best way to do that For What I think you want to describe that. OK Not that.

SPEAKER 0
Whatever This case is made.

SPEAKER 1
Ethereum. The You see the highest like. A And like I And your The classify the the Oh In order to protect the light. You understand. Yeah, so like if I give you a new line of. I I want to know What's the likelihood of We'll compute this one. Based on what I've seen This is the likelihood Based on Be in the food, the maximum 2. Now you Same road because So like I give you 500 roll, you train more. I'll give you the 501.

SPEAKER 0
Are you using the machine learning to predict?

SPEAKER 1
But he Is it That possibility Now Whatever the distribution. Nonetheless I It's Somewhat like it's unintuitive like.

SPEAKER 0
Easy to say it like.

SPEAKER 1
How come why position on. have seen So even in maximum likelihood of 5. He Or if it's a 15. At the You want to integrate this 501 Models are free.

SPEAKER 0
so But generally speaking, like in the.

SPEAKER 1
It What Oh, like one B of 2, right? The It Why The The likelihood All the possible parameter And I mean not always And 35. I I think Uh, I think it makes sense if

SPEAKER 0
you start playing around with. OK, I stop this person. And yeah, honestly like.

SPEAKER 1
This directly Cool, all right.

SPEAKER 0
Thanks
